
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000340                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   340278000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  340278000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 140763                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   140716                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             8627820590                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 633396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                        5548                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                          5548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrl.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    340278000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.inst            22364                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::cpu.data             4640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total               27004                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        22364                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          22364                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::cpu.data          5065                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             5065                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.inst              5591                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::cpu.data               718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6309                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::cpu.data              673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 673                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.inst            65722733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::cpu.data            13635909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               79358642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       65722733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          65722733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::cpu.data           14884888                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              14884888                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.inst           65722733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::cpu.data           28520798                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              94243530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6310                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         673                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6310                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       673                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  397824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6016                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     6144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                    27008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  5065                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      94                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    548                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                      340201000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                     88                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      2                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                   5711                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                    509                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                    13                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     2                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                    54                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                   604                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     706.474517                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    522.857650                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    386.052257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            51      8.96%      8.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255           75     13.18%     22.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383           39      6.85%     29.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           23      4.04%     33.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           22      3.87%     36.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           18      3.16%     40.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           19      3.34%     43.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      4.22%     47.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          298     52.37%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      772.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     643.216539                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     524.537383                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            2     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-703            1     16.67%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::704-767            1     16.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1     16.67%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1727            1     16.67%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 6    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              6                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      19583750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                136133750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       3150.54                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 21900.54                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                       1169.11                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      79.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      14.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          9.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      9.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5657                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                       82                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 65.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       48718.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     90.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl_0.actEnergy                   2653560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preEnergy                   1447875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.readEnergy                 30108000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.writeEnergy                  505440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.refreshEnergy              21868080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.actBackEnergy             217242675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.preBackEnergy              10477500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.totalEnergy               284303130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_0.averagePower             848.491929                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      15805250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::REF       11180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      311151750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.actEnergy                   1617840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preEnergy                    882750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.readEnergy                 17635800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.writeEnergy                  116640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.refreshEnergy              21868080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.actBackEnergy             174520890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.preBackEnergy              47944500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.totalEnergy               264586500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl_1.averagePower             789.680799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      79696000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::REF       11180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      245540000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    340278000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   11                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON       340278000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                           340278                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                        5548                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                          5548                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                  4660                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         146                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts          835                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                         4660                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads               10977                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes               5062                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                          1404                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                         726                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                        678                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               340277.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                              1187                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                   173      3.09%      3.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                      4014     71.79%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                      726     12.99%     87.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                     678     12.13%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                       5591                       # Class of executed instruction
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    340278000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6310                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6309                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               673                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache_port::system.mem_ctrl.port        11183                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache_port::system.mem_ctrl.port         2782                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13965                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache_port::system.mem_ctrl.port        22364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache_port::system.mem_ctrl.port         9705                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   32069                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              6983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    6983    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                6983                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             7656000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           12692500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              3.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2298500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
