
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000029                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    29089500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   29089500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39190                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    39188                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               78964807                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 252916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       14436                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         14436                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             23232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data              9408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total                32640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        23232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           23232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                363                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data                147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                   510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst            798638684                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            323415665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              1122054350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst       798638684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total          798638684                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst           798638684                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           323415665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             1122054350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                           511                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                         511                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                    32704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                     32704                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                  28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                  53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                  27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                  23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                  32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                  38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                   7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                   4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                 57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                 63                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                 41                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                        29058000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                     511                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                       298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples           75                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      411.306667                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     274.853259                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     343.874505                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127             13     17.33%     17.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255           19     25.33%     42.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383           12     16.00%     58.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511            6      8.00%     66.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      6.67%     73.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895            8     10.67%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.33%     85.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           11     14.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total             75                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                        3266500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                  12847750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                      2555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6392.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25142.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                        1124.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                     1124.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           8.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       8.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.54                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                        427                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   83.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                        56864.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                     309960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                     169125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                   2113800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy                1525680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy               16083405                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy                  63000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy                 20264970                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              858.003493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE          22500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF          780000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT        22830000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                     241920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                     132000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                   1396200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy                1525680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy               15332715                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy                 721500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy                 19350015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              819.264991                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE        4570750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF          780000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT        21719750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                   12614                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted              7656                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              1475                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups                 9453                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                       0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct              0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                     736                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                166                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups            9453                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits               1844                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             7609                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          897                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON        29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                            58180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles              15554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                          59055                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                       12614                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches               2580                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                         17529                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                    3145                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                    6                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          1090                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                      7530                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                   720                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples              35776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.650688                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.904189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                    23025     64.36%     64.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                     4506     12.60%     76.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                      507      1.42%     78.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                      451      1.26%     79.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                      761      2.13%     81.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                      707      1.98%     83.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                      297      0.83%     84.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                      355      0.99%     85.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                     5167     14.44%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total                35776                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.216810                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.015040                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                    12463                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles                 13012                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                      7932                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles                   797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                   1572                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts                  42051                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                   1572                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                    13239                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles                    1819                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles           9760                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                      7921                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles                  1465                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts                  37034                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents                     10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents                   1048                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands               31990                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups                 66442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups            54845                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps                 13819                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                    18171                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts                796                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts            801                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                      4352                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads                 4576                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores                2920                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads                15                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores               11                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                      28828                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                 757                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                     25362                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined           15149                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        11337                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            282                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples         35776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         0.708911                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        1.503990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0               26518     74.12%     74.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1                3268      9.13%     83.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2                1619      4.53%     87.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3                1541      4.31%     92.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4                1236      3.45%     95.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5                 752      2.10%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6                 465      1.30%     98.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7                 277      0.77%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8                 100      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total           35776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                     154     52.56%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     52.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                     51     17.41%     69.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                    88     30.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass                 0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu                 18584     73.27%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                    0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                     0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                   0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     73.27% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead                 4272     16.84%     90.12% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite                2506      9.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total                  25362                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           0.435923                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                         293                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.011553                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads              86911                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes             44761                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        22611                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                   0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                  0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses                  25655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                       0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads               33                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads         2351                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           28                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1472                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            1                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            26                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                   1572                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                    1852                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    15                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts               31164                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts               242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                  4576                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts                 2920                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts                757                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                      7                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                     4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents             28                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect            211                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         1624                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts                 1835                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts                 23718                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                  3945                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts              1644                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                          1579                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                         6245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                     5021                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                       2300                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     0.407666                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                          23107                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                         22611                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                     10526                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                     13786                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       0.388639                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.763528                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts           15913                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             475                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts              1475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples        32637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.464565                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.243420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0        25892     79.33%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1         3639     11.15%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         1211      3.71%     94.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3          601      1.84%     96.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4          338      1.04%     97.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5          300      0.92%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6          374      1.15%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7           54      0.17%     99.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8          228      0.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total        32637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts                15162                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps                  15162                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                           3673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                          2225                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                           0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                       3358                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                          0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                     12174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls                  187                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          726      4.79%      4.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu            10763     70.99%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv                0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead            2225     14.67%     90.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite           1448      9.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total             15162                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events                   228                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                        62661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                       65377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                             196                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                           22404                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.committedInsts                       14436                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                         14436                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               4.030202                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         4.030202                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.248127                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.248127                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads                    36851                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes                   20552                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads                    8143                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                    569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse            99.825953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs                4648                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               146                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             31.835616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    99.825953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.024372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.024372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.035645                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses             10540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses            10540                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data         3609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            3609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data         1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total           1033                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits::total               6                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data          4642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total             4642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data         4642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total            4642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          409                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data          549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            549                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data          549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           549                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      9476500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9476500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     27259981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27259981                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     36736481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     36736481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     36736481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     36736481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data         3749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         1442                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::cpu.data            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         5191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total         5191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         5191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.037343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.283634                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.105760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.105760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.105760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.105760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 67689.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67689.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66650.320293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66650.320293                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66915.265938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66915.265938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 66915.265938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66915.265938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1333                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                23                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.956522                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           75                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          326                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data          401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          401                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5190500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5190500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      6454500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6454500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11645000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     11645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11645000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.017338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.057559                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.028511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028511                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79853.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79853.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77765.060241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77765.060241                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78682.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78682.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78682.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78682.432432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           206.188252                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs                6949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             19.038356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   206.188252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.100678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.100678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          365                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.178223                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses             15425                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses            15425                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst         6949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            6949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst          6949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total             6949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         6949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total            6949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           581                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40938500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     40938500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40938500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     40938500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     40938500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     40938500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst         7530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         7530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total         7530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         7530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total         7530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.077158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.077158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.077158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.077158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.077158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70462.134251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70462.134251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70462.134251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70462.134251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 70462.134251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70462.134251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          194                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           97                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst          216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27977500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27977500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     27977500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27977500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     27977500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048473                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76650.684932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76650.684932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76650.684932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76650.684932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76650.684932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76650.684932                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse          305.425349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  2                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs              509                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.003929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   205.546698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    99.878652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.006273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.003048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.009321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          509                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.015533                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses             4613                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses            4613                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total               2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total              2                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          363                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          363                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total           511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          363                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total          511                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      6329000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6329000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27407000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     27407000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data      5095500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total      5095500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     11424500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total     38831500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     27407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data     11424500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total     38831500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          365                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          365                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          513                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data          148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.994521                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.996101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.996101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76253.012048                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76253.012048                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75501.377410                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75501.377410                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78392.307692                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78392.307692                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75501.377410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77192.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75991.193738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75501.377410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77192.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75991.193738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           83                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          363                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          363                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total          511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total          511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      5499000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5499000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23777000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23777000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      4465500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4465500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23777000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9964500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33741500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     23777000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data      9964500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33741500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.994521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.996101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66253.012048                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66253.012048                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65501.377410                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65501.377410                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        68700                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        68700                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65501.377410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67327.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66030.332681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65501.377410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67327.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66030.332681                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          513                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           428                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           83                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           83                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          365                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           65                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side          294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              1024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        23360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         9344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              32704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                     0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.003899                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.062378                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                511     99.61%     99.61% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  2      0.39%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            513                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         256500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        547500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        219000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           511                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED     29089500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               83                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port         1020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1020                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        32576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   32576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     511    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 511                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              623000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2693500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              9.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
