
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.233534                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                233533887500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               233533887500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 225573                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   225573                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              132138421                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 260868                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1767.34                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   398664651                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     398664651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            249280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data            254592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               503872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       249280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          249280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               3895                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data               3978                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  7873                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst              1067425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              1090172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2157597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         1067425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            1067425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst             1067425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             1090172                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                2157597                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                          7873                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                            0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                        7873                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                          0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                   503872                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                         0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                         0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                    503872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                      0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                 548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                 675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                 473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                 633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                 475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                 477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                 563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                 560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                 471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                 437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12                430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                   0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    233533785500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                    7873                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                      6853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        69                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples         1544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      326.051813                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     195.846863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     329.937998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127            532     34.46%     34.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255          344     22.28%     56.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383          193     12.50%     69.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          103      6.67%     75.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639           73      4.73%     80.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767           45      2.91%     83.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895           32      2.07%     85.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           36      2.33%     87.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          186     12.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total           1544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.totQLat                       53440000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                 201058750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                     39365000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6787.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25537.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                       6327                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                         0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   80.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                    nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     29662617.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      80.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                    6758640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                    3687750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                  34296600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            15253240080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy             6038642700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           134822908500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             156159534270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              668.682165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   224288059000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF      7798180000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      1447046250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                    4914000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                    2681250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                  27058200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                        0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            15253240080                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy             5739994620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           135084870750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             156112758900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.481917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   224725904750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF      7798180000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      1009185250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                45912940                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          26702743                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            565787                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             25186733                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                18811780                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             74.689242                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 8285572                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                323                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         2249880                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits            2235903                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses            13977                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       111495                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                     95338456                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                        116                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                 95338572                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    73578378                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                       849                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                73579227                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    168916834                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                        965                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                168917799                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                    96959232                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      1239                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                96960471                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  215                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        467067775                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   398664651                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     398664651                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       2289293                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.171581                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.853548                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass            23123356      5.80%      5.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu               141652555     35.53%     41.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                2124322      0.53%     41.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     41.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd              35620060      8.93%     50.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp               7072549      1.77%     52.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt               2735231      0.69%     53.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult             16498021      4.14%     57.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv               1563283      0.39%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     57.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead               94754510     23.77%     81.56% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              73520764     18.44%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                398664651                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       455740572                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        11327203                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3291.924590                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           167817024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              4165                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs          40292.202641                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3291.924590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.803693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.803693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3113                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.828613                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         335652191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        335652191                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     94302223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        94302223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     73514801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       73514801                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     167817024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        167817024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    167817024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       167817024                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data         5928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5928                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data         6989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           6989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data         6989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          6989                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     80682500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     80682500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    434084500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    434084500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    514767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    514767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    514767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    514767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     94303284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     94303284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     73520729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     73520729                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    167824013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    167824013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    167824013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    167824013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76043.826579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76043.826579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73226.130229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73226.130229                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73653.884676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73653.884676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73653.884676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73653.884676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               654                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data         2732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2732                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data         2824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data         2824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3196                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     72936500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72936500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    242391000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242391000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    315327500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315327500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    315327500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    315327500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75269.865841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75269.865841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75841.989987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75841.989987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75708.883553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75708.883553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 75708.883553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75708.883553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3193                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1919.733373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            96954061                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              5171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          18749.576678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1919.733373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.937370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1978                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          396                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1287                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.965820                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         193923635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        193923635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     96954061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        96954061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      96954061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         96954061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     96954061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        96954061                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          5171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           5171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          5171                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321948500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    321948500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321948500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    321948500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    321948500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    321948500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     96959232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     96959232                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     96959232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     96959232                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     96959232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     96959232                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62260.394508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62260.394508                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62260.394508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62260.394508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 62260.394508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62260.394508                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks         3193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    316777500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    316777500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    316777500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    316777500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    316777500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    316777500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000053                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61260.394508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61260.394508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61260.394508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61260.394508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 61260.394508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61260.394508                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements                0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse         7128.160045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs               5427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs             7873                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             0.689318                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3411.137560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  3717.022485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.104100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.113435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.217534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7873                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           65                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          118                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          503                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.240265                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses           114273                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses          114273                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks          654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total          654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks         3193                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total         3193                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total           61                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         1276                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data          126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          126                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         1276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data          187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total            1463                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         1276                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data          187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total           1463                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         3137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total         3137                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         3895                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          841                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          841                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total          7873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data         3978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total         7873                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    237071000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    237071000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    295621500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    295621500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     70008000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     70008000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    295621500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    307079000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    602700500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    295621500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    307079000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    602700500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks          654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total          654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks         3193                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3193                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data         3198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total         3198                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         5171                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data          967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          967                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data         4165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total         9336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst         5171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data         4165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         9336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.980926                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.753239                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.753239                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.869700                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.869700                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.753239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.843295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.753239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.843295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75572.521517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75572.521517                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75897.689345                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75897.689345                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83243.757432                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83243.757432                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75897.689345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77194.318753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76552.838816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75897.689345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77194.318753                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76552.838816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         3137                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         3895                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          841                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          841                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         3895                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data         3978                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    205701000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205701000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    256671500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256671500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     61598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61598000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    256671500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    267299000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    523970500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    256671500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    267299000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    523970500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.980926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.980926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.753239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.753239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.869700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.869700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.753239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.753239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.955102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.843295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65572.521517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65572.521517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65897.689345                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65897.689345                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73243.757432                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73243.757432                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65897.689345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67194.318753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66552.838816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 65897.689345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67194.318753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66552.838816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        13300                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests         3964                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          6138                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          654                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3193                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          117                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         3198                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3198                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         5171                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          967                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        13535                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         9101                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total             22636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       535296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       308416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total             843712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                           0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                     0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples         9336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0               9336    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total           9336                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       10497000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       7756500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy       6247500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          7873                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 233533887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          4736                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        15746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       503872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  503872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              7873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    7873    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                7873                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             9223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           41799750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
