
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.889223                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1889223246000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1889223246000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22780                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    22780                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              766551699                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 396616                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2464.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56141873                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56141873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1047552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24859008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25907520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1047552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1047552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7566528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7566528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              16368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                404805                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          118227                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               118227                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               554488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             13158322                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               508                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13713318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          554488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             554488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4005100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4005100                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4005100                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              554488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            13158322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17718418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        404805                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       118227                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      404805                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     118227                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25900800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6720                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7565120                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25907520                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7566528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                8068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7397                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          20                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1889214280000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  404805                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 118227                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    402482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      2156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7791                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8480                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5555                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      189                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       98                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        63746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      524.988548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     319.641335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     414.335221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14725     23.10%     23.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        10901     17.10%     40.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5357      8.40%     48.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3110      4.88%     53.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2601      4.08%     57.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1701      2.67%     60.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1560      2.45%     62.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1439      2.26%     64.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22352     35.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          63746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        76.386372                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2900.765356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5295     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5298                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.311250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.880356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.145944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-23            4698     88.67%     88.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-31              33      0.62%     89.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-39             235      4.44%     93.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-47              22      0.42%     94.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-55              12      0.23%     94.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-63              14      0.26%     94.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-71              10      0.19%     94.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-79               4      0.08%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-87              30      0.57%     95.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-95              15      0.28%     95.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-103            179      3.38%     99.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-111             1      0.02%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-119             1      0.02%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-127             1      0.02%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-135             6      0.11%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-159             2      0.04%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-167             4      0.08%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-175            12      0.23%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-183             2      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-191             4      0.08%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-199             2      0.04%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-231             8      0.15%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::232-239             1      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-255             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::256-263             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5298                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2164522000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9752647000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2023500000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5348.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24098.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           4.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        4.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363251                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     95908                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3612043.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  234556560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  127982250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1578025800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                380868480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           123394455600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            60772181625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1080221277750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1266709348065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.494357                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1796832063750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     63085100000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     29299865000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  247363200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  134970000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1578634200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                385099920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           123394455600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            61856765370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1079269896750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1266867185040                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.577899                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1795248089750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     63085100000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     30883852750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                15253451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          13119801                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            515637                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             12113296                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4570787                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             37.733636                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                  859438                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              30658                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups         6570706                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             545483                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses          6025223                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted       218035                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9316925                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      17695                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           211                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   764827                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6393212                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      2442                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          158                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  298820                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15710137                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      20137                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           369                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1063647                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4018824                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      6310                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          701                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4025134                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               12752                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          6376                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     281746974.905897                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    439847984.325030                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         6376    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        19000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            6376                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON     92804534000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1796418712000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                        185630526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56141873                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56141873                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                       2958149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                      6376                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   3592815966                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.cpi                               3.306454                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.302439                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass             3199005      5.70%      5.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                36197195     64.47%     70.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                  60822      0.11%     70.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     70.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                 38079      0.07%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                  3636      0.01%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead                9319321     16.60%     86.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite               6372729     11.35%     98.31% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess               951086      1.69%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                 56141873                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6376                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211498                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74792     40.94%     40.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     41.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1903      1.04%     42.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  105883     57.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               182709                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73425     49.32%     49.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1903      1.28%     50.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73425     49.32%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                148884                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1835945903000     97.18%     97.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                85568000      0.00%     97.18% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               710063500      0.04%     97.22% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             52480708000      2.78%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1889222242500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981723                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.693454                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814870                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4173      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175546     91.22%     93.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6807      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5128      2.66%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192434                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5876                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1737                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2091                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1905                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1737                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   168                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.324200                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080344                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392622                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        36856948000      1.95%      1.95% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           4192339500      0.22%      2.17% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1848172945000     97.83%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4174                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.tickCycles                        85233988                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                       100396538                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1394263                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.980931                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            13942036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1394775                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              9.995903                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          94238500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.980931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63909041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63909041                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7981560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7981560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5577988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5577988                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       183448                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       183448                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199007                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199007                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13559548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13559548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13559548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13559548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1096304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1096304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       573678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       573678                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        16581                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        16581                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1669982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1669982                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1669982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1669982                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  31558344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31558344500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  22538815500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22538815500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    222577500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    222577500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  54097160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  54097160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  54097160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  54097160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      9077864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9077864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6151666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6151666                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200029                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200029                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199007                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199007                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15229530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15229530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15229530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15229530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.093256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.093256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082893                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.082893                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.109654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.109654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.109654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28786.125472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28786.125472                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 39288.268855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39288.268855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13423.647548                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13423.647548                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32393.858137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32393.858137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 32393.858137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32393.858137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       837697                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            837697                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       269759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       269759                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       291740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       291740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       291740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       291740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1074323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1074323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       303919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       303919                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        16578                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        16578                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1378242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1378242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1378242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1378242                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  30011433500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30011433500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11481403000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11481403000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    205832000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205832000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41492836500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41492836500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41492836500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41492836500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1534160500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1534160500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1534160500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1534160500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.118345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049404                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049404                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.082878                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.082878                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.090498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.090498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27935.205241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27935.205241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37777.838832                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37777.838832                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12415.972976                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12415.972976                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30105.624774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30105.624774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30105.624774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30105.624774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221379.581530                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221379.581530                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 92692.918857                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 92692.918857                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           1476241                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           509.437018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            19208652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           1476752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             13.007365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       33938325500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   509.437018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.994994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          22162507                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         22162507                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     19208655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        19208655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      19208655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         19208655                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     19208655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        19208655                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1476926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1476926                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1476926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1476926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1476926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1476926                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20401531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20401531500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20401531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  20401531500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  20401531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  20401531500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     20685581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     20685581                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     20685581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     20685581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     20685581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     20685581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.071399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.071399                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.071399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13813.509614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13813.509614                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13813.509614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13813.509614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13813.509614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13813.509614                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks      1476241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total           1476241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1476926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1476926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1476926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1476926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst      1476926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1476926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  18924605500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18924605500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  18924605500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18924605500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  18924605500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18924605500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071399                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.071399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.071399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12813.509614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12813.509614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12813.509614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12813.509614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 12813.509614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12813.509614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           339622                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65416.328180                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            5334629                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           405144                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            13.167242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       6356009000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   267.504634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  5791.332200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 59357.491346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.004082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.088369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.905723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998174                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          631                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        59330                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999786                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         46327377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        46327377                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       837697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       837697                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks      1475656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total      1475656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           15                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187300                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187300                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst      1460502                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total      1460502                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       818651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       818651                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      1460502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1005951                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2466453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      1460502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1005951                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2466453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        16369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        16369                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       272219                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       272219                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        405218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16369                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388849                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       405218                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       249500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       249500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9053314500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9053314500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1334237500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1334237500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19962557500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19962557500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1334237500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  29015872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30350109500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1334237500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  29015872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30350109500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       837697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       837697                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks      1475656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total      1475656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           20                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       303930                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       303930                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst      1476871                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total      1476871                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1090870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1090870                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      1476871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1394800                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2871671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      1476871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1394800                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2871671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383740                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011084                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.011084                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249543                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.249543                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011084                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.141109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011084                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.141109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        49900                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        49900                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77624.234759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77624.234759                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81510.018938                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81510.018938                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73332.711897                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73332.711897                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81510.018938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74619.896155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74898.226387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81510.018938                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74619.896155                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74898.226387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        76715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            76715                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116630                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116630                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        16369                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       272219                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       272219                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       405218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       405218                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9621                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16551                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       199500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       199500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7887014500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7887014500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1170547500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1170547500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17243377000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17243377000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1170547500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25130391500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26300939000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1170547500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25130391500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26300939000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447515000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447515000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447515000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.011084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.278785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.141109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        39900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        39900                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67624.234759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67624.234759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71510.018938                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71510.018938                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63343.767334                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63343.767334                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71510.018938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64627.635663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64905.653253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71510.018938                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64627.635663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64905.653253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 208876.623377                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208876.623377                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 87457.857531                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 87457.857531                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5742250                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2870700                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1972                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          998                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          998                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2574859                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9621                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9621                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       914412                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1476241                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       819473                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           20                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       303930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       303930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq      1476926                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1091030                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           23                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          241                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4430038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4217161                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           8647199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    188999168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142932652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          331931820                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      340234                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic               4923264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3228320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.031197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            3225175     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               3145      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3228320                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5198149000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       291883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    2215530716                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2103938977                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51173                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51173                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5098                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20392                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2705940                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5405000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              182000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            14495500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2305500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             5973000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               90500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           216181312                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23481000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.301361                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1731952426000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.301361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.081335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.081335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21934383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21934383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4859195929                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4859195929                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4881130312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4881130312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4881130312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4881130312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 126788.341040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126788.341040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116942.528133                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116942.528133                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116983.350797                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116983.350797                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116983.350797                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116983.350797                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     4.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13284383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13284383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2779181979                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2779181979                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2792466362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2792466362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2792466362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2792466362                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 76788.341040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76788.341040                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66884.433457                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66884.433457                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66925.496992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66925.496992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66925.496992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66925.496992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        827436                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       381422                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          409                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       118227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           262241                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116498                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        288761                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           23                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1148773                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           46                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1181921                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1265346                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44332                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30816320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30860652                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33518380                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              433                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      27584                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            463499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.038162                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  462823     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     676      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              463499                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            29272500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1319341290                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               31000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2160301000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             943117                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1889223246000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
