
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.222275                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1222274983500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1222274983500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 407632                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   407632                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              272801132                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 256700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4480.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  1826378509                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    1826378509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst             61440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data         126177664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total            126239104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        61440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           61440                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     66092544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          66092544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst                960                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data            1971526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total               1972486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks         1032696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total              1032696                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst                50267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data            103231814                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               103282081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst           50267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total              50267                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          54073384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               54073384                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          54073384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst               50267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data           103231814                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              157355465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                       1972486                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                      1032696                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                     1972486                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                    1032696                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                126156992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     82112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                  66090816                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                 126239104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys               66092544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                     1283                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0              119355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1              114736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2              116711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3              118315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4              118360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5              118227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6              120694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7              125539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8              127875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9              130856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10             129453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11             131175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12             126741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13             125953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14             123325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15             123888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0               62004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1               62322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2               61319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3               62011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4               62436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5               63988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6               65064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7               66489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8               66234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9               66705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10              66339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11              66709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12              65174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13              65212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14              65629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15              65034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1222274866500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                 1972486                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                1032696                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                   1847755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                    123438                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                    30048                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                    31196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                    55895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                    61015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                    61109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                    61152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                    61095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                    61085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                    61106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    61082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                    61071                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    61082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                    61067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                    61245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                    61296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                    60829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                    60715                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                    60557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples      1846311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      104.123632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean      81.172382                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     131.523418                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127        1463397     79.26%     79.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255       266113     14.41%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383        48771      2.64%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511        20101      1.09%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639        12770      0.69%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7489      0.41%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         5280      0.29%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         4734      0.26%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        17656      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total        1846311                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples         60557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        32.510131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       23.099317                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      136.122575                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511           60389     99.72%     99.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023          130      0.21%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1535            8      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            5      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2559            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2560-3071            4      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3583            1      0.00%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::3584-4095            4      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4607            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::4608-5119            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::6656-7167            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::8704-9215            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::9216-9727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::11776-12287            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12288-12799            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::12800-13311            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total           60557                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples         60557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        17.052843                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.021089                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        1.041900                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16              29161     48.15%     48.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::17               1164      1.92%     50.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18              28160     46.50%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::19               2021      3.34%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                 45      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::21                  6      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total           60557                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                    36942736250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               73902792500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   9856015000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       18741.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  37491.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                         103.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                          54.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                      103.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                       54.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           1.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.02                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     727606                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    429946                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   36.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  41.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                       406722.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      38.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                 6766986240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                 3692304000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                7425061800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy               3276501840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            79832731680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           416045775330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           368409693000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             885449053890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              724.429872                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   610096075500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     40814280000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    571360638500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                 7191102240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                 3923716500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                7949838000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy               3415193280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            79832731680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           427319070030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           358520838000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             888152489730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              726.641687                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   593574305750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     40814280000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    587881640500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               246953326                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted         186908369                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect          15587365                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            168276583                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits               165592346                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.404866                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                18556185                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             105918                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups             315                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                 63                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses              252                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted          101                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    453405484                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                    5001335                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                458406819                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                   161377349                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                   1709149                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses               163086498                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    614782833                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                    6710484                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                621493317                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   600105517                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                        19                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               600105536                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   29                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       2444549967                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1826378509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                    1826378509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                      55126564                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.338468                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.747123                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass            83736345      4.58%      4.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu              1129914150     61.87%     66.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                     75      0.00%     66.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     66.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                805244      0.04%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                    13      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                   100      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                   11      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                    24      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     66.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              449492741     24.61%     91.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite             162429806      8.89%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total               1826378509                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                      2082292947                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                       362257020                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9121995                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4080.838657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           602779955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9126091                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             66.050180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle       16887433500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4080.838657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.996299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses        1233656307                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses       1233656307                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    444297476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       444297476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data    158482479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      158482479                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     602779955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        602779955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    602779955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       602779955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      7239130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       7239130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      2246023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      2246023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      9485153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        9485153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      9485153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       9485153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 185791393500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 185791393500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 110650401500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 110650401500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 296441795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 296441795000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 296441795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 296441795000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    451536606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    451536606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    160728502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    612265108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    612265108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    612265108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    612265108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.013974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.013974                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.015492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.015492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.015492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 25664.878722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25664.878722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 49265.034908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49265.034908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31253.243358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31253.243358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31253.243358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31253.243358                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      3671998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           3671998                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       358700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       358700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       359062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       359062                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       359062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       359062                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      7238768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      7238768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1887323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1887323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9126091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9126091                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      9126091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9126091                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 178546113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 178546113500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  85195528000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  85195528000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 263741641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 263741641500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 263741641500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 263741641500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.016031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.011742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011742                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.014905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24665.262583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24665.262583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 45140.936660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45140.936660                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28899.738289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28899.738289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 28899.738289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28899.738289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           752.723923                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           600104557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          625108.913542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   752.723923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.367541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.367541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          957                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.467285                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1200211994                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1200211994                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    600104557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       600104557                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     600104557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        600104557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    600104557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       600104557                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77923500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77923500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77923500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77923500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     77923500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77923500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    600105517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    600105517                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    600105517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    600105517                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    600105517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    600105517                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81170.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81170.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81170.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81170.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81170.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81170.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks            3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                 3                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          960                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76963500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76963500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76963500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76963500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     76963500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76963500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80170.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80170.312500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80170.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80170.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 80170.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80170.312500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements          1940039                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        31449.191087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs           16276000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs          1972807                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             8.250173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle      89114668000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7.970416                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    42.267708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 31398.952962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.001290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.958220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          122                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1022                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2732                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        21795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses        147965199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses       147965199                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      3671998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      3671998                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data      1095273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total      1095273                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      6059292                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      6059292                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      7154565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         7154565                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      7154565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        7154565                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       792050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       792050                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total          960                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data      1179476                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total      1179476                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1971526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total       1972486                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1971526                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total      1972486                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  70794470500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  70794470500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75521000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     75521000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 104049458500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total 104049458500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75521000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 174843929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total 174919450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     75521000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 174843929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total 174919450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      3671998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      3671998                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total            3                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data      1887323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total      1887323                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total          960                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      7238768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      7238768                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      9126091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      9127051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      9126091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      9127051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.419668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.419668                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.162939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.162939                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.216032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.216114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.216032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.216114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 89381.314942                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89381.314942                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78667.708333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78667.708333                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88216.681391                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88216.681391                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78667.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88684.566676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 88679.691516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 78667.708333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 88684.566676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 88679.691516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks      1032696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total          1032696                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks          242                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          242                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       792050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       792050                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          960                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1179476                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total      1179476                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1971526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1972486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          960                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1971526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1972486                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  62873970500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  62873970500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65921000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65921000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  92254698500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  92254698500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65921000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 155128669000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 155194590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     65921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 155128669000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 155194590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.419668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.419668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.162939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.216032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.216032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.216114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 79381.314942                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79381.314942                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68667.708333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68667.708333                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78216.681391                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78216.681391                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68667.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78684.566676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78679.691516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68667.708333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 78684.566676                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78679.691516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     18249049                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      9121998                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1439                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1439                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       7239728                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      4704694                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean            3                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict      6357340                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq      1887323                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp      1887323                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          960                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      7238768                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side         1923                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     27374177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total          27376100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        61632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    819077696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          819139328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                     1940039                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic              66092544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples     11067090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.011402                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0           11065651     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               1439      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total       11067090                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy    12796525500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy       1440000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy   13689136500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       3911328                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1938842                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1222274983500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            1180436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1032696                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           906146                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            792050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           792050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       1180436                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      5883814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                5883814                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port    192331648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               192331648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           1972486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                 1972486    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             1972486                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          8508050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        10787775250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
