
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.508441                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                508441445000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               508441445000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 272638                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   272638                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              149248503                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 263860                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3406.68                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   928789150                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            185856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          18520896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             18706752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       185856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          185856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           4267712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst               2904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             289389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                292293                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66683                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               365541                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             36426802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                36792343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          365541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             365541                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           8393714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                8393714                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           8393714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              365541                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            36426802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               45186057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        292293                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        66683                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      292293                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      66683                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 18685888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     20864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   4266496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  18706752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                4267712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      326                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               18028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               18361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               18399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               18347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               18249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               18247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               18319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               18291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               18230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               18239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              18229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              18377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              18268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              18136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              18057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              18190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                4125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                4164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                4142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               4098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               4096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               4157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    508441362500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  292293                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  66683                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    291491                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                       464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                        12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                      908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4049                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     4054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     4054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4053                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples       103424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      221.899134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     143.895688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     268.440022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          37597     36.35%     36.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43798     42.35%     78.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         9078      8.78%     87.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511          804      0.78%     88.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1585      1.53%     89.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1026      0.99%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          543      0.53%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          660      0.64%     91.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         8333      8.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total         103424                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        71.164816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::gmean       34.696519                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      767.230213                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023           4045     99.80%     99.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-15359            4      0.10%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::15360-16383            2      0.05%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::30720-31743            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4053                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        16.448063                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       16.427763                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev        0.835172                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16               3146     77.62%     77.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::18                906     22.35%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20                  1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2452616250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                7926997500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   1459835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        8400.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  27150.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          36.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           8.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       36.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        8.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     203097                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     52099                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   69.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  78.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      1416365.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      71.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  390353040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  212990250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1140196200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                216438480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            33208459440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           103170345705                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           214560479250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             352899262365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              694.089734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   356274409500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     16977740000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    135182501000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  391426560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  213576000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1136460000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                215544240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            33208459440                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           103438175310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           214325517750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             352929159300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              694.148589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   355878371250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     16977740000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    135579179250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups               123851654                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          79872946                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            686743                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups            102066133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                68190143                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             66.809764                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                18697398                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect              11224                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups        14052177                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits           14048616                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses             3561                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPredindirectMispredicted        11655                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                    237539296                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                     195211                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                237734507                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                    98305021                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      7170                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                98312191                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                    335844317                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                     202381                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                336046698                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                   286584411                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                       119                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses               286584530                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   37                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       1016882890                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                   928789150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     928789150                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.discardedOps                        319599                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.cpi                               1.094848                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.ipc                               0.913369                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass            86206875      9.28%      9.28% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu               486529511     52.38%     61.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                   7040      0.00%     61.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     61.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd              13018262      1.40%     63.07% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp               3826477      0.41%     63.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt               3187663      0.34%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    4      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     63.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead              237705247     25.59%     89.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              98308071     10.58%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                928789150                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       962815783                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.idleCycles                        54067107                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            776559                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4092.323693                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           320318732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            780655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            410.320477                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         911974500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4092.323693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          956                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1381                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1491                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         643115727                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        643115727                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data    222154683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       222154683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     98164049                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       98164049                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data     320318732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        320318732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data    320318732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       320318732                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data       711653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        711653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       137151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       137151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data       848804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         848804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data       848804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        848804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  24607511500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  24607511500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  10163393500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10163393500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  34770905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34770905000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  34770905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34770905000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data    222866336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    222866336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     98301200                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data    321167536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    321167536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data    321167536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    321167536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 34577.963558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34577.963558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74103.677698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74103.677698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40964.586642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40964.586642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40964.586642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40964.586642                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        88440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             88440                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        68140                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        68149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data        68149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        68149                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       711644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       711644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        69011                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       780655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       780655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       780655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  23895183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23895183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   5097981500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5097981500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28993164500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28993164500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  28993164500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28993164500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002431                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 33577.439000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33577.439000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73872.013157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73872.013157                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37139.536031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37139.536031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37139.536031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37139.536031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             10578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1690.178313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           286572086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             12324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          23253.171535                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1690.178313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.825282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.825282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1746                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1576                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.852539                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         573181146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        573181146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst    286572086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       286572086                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst     286572086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        286572086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst    286572086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       286572086                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         12325                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          12325                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         12325                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    354631500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    354631500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    354631500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    354631500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    354631500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    354631500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst    286584411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    286584411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst    286584411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    286584411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst    286584411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    286584411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28773.346856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28773.346856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28773.346856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28773.346856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 28773.346856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28773.346856                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks        10578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total             10578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12325                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12325                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    342307500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342307500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    342307500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    342307500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    342307500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    342307500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27773.427992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27773.427992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27773.427992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27773.427992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 27773.427992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27773.427992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           259981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        32663.117880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            1287366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           292749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs             4.397508                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       3599699000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    51.758593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    79.280290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 32532.078996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.001580                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.002419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.992800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        32768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          297                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          302                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2944                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        29072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         12933685                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        12933685                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        88440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        88440                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks        10578                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total        10578                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total         2366                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst         9420                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total         9420                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       488900                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       488900                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst         9420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data       491266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total          500686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst         9420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data       491266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total         500686                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst         2905                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         2905                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       222744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       222744                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       289389                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        292294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2905                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       289389                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       292294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4969595000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   4969595000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224911500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    224911500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  17694256000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  17694256000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224911500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  22663851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  22888762500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    224911500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  22663851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  22888762500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        88440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        88440                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks        10578                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total        10578                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total        69011                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        12325                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data       711644                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       711644                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data       780655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total       792980                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst        12325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data       780655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total       792980                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235700                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.235700                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.312999                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.368602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.368602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74568.159652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74568.159652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77422.203098                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77422.203098                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 79437.632439                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79437.632439                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77422.203098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78316.214507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78307.329264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77422.203098                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78316.214507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78307.329264                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            66683                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        66645                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2905                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2905                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       222744                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       222744                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       289389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       292294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2905                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       289389                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       292294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4303145000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4303145000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195871500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    195871500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15466816000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15466816000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195871500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19769961000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19965832500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    195871500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19769961000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19965832500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.965716                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235700                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.312999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.312999                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.235700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.370700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.368602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64568.159652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64568.159652                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67425.645439                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67425.645439                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 69437.632439                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69437.632439                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67425.645439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68316.214507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68307.363476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67425.645439                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68316.214507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68307.363476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1580117                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       787137                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         2095                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         2095                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp        723968                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       155123                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean        10578                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       881417                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        69011                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        12325                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       711644                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        35227                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2337869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           2373096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      1465728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side     55622080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total           57087808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      259981                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic               4267712                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1052961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.001990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.044561                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            1050866     99.80%     99.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               2095      0.20%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        1052961                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy      889076500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy      18486000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    1170982999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        550179                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       257886                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 508441445000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             225648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        66683                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           191203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            66645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        225648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       842472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 842472                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     22974464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                22974464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            292293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  292293    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              292293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           925378500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1556878500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
