
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.922415                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1922415409000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1922415409000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 933149                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   933149                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            31931169584                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 334404                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    60.21                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    56180200                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      56180200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst            844608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          24856576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25702144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst       844608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          844608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7408512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7408512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              13197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             388384                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                401596                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          115758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               115758                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               439347                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data             12929867                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               499                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13369714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          439347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             439347                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3853752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3853752                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3853752                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              439347                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data            12929867                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              499                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17223466                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        401596                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       115758                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      401596                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     115758                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 25695616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      6528                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7407424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  25702144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7408512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      102                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               25510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               24963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               24975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               24200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               24494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               24767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              24877                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              24504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                7543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                6990                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                6317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                6320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                6519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               6905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               7090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          12                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1922403535500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  401596                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 115758                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    401480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6464                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7460                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8593                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     6948                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     6921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      235                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        63567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      520.758255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     315.623593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     415.134860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          14658     23.06%     23.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11541     18.16%     41.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4861      7.65%     48.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3298      5.19%     54.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2285      3.59%     57.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1919      3.02%     60.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1565      2.46%     63.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1066      1.68%     64.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22374     35.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          63567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        78.539124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2951.473216                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5109     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.641041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       19.167929                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       21.759533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4475     87.54%     87.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              34      0.67%     88.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              11      0.22%     88.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              14      0.27%     88.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             223      4.36%     93.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              16      0.31%     93.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              14      0.27%     93.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47              12      0.23%     93.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               3      0.06%     93.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               7      0.14%     94.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               5      0.10%     94.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.04%     94.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              12      0.23%     94.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               2      0.04%     94.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               3      0.06%     94.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               1      0.02%     94.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              33      0.65%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               3      0.06%     95.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91              18      0.35%     95.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.02%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             174      3.40%     99.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             4      0.08%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.02%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             4      0.08%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             2      0.04%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             2      0.04%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             2      0.04%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.02%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.02%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::148-151             1      0.02%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::152-155             1      0.02%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             1      0.02%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             4      0.08%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             1      0.02%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             9      0.18%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::176-179             2      0.04%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             2      0.04%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             3      0.06%     99.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             1      0.02%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::208-211             1      0.02%     99.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             5      0.10%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-251             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2082530750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9610543250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2007470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5186.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  23936.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.37                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.85                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        24.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     359878                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     93790                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.63                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  81.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3715837.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  235297440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  128386500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1564461600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                372081600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           125562446880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            64706229855                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1096686028500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1289254932375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.645215                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1824198256500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     64193480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     34018076000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  245269080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  133827375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1567191600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                377920080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           125562446880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            65408106195                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1096070355750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1289365116960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.702526                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1823171088500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     64193480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     35045257750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                      9064160                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                      10312                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                           210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                   728817                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                     6356116                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                      1140                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                          157                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                  291929                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                     15420276                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                      11452                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                           367                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                  1020746                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                     4973965                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                      4997                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                          184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                 4978962                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numPwrStateTransitions               12754                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples          6377                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean     281224726.046887                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev    439034613.415905                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::underflows            1      0.02%      0.02% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         6376     99.98%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value          501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            6377                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    129045330999                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1793370078001                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.numCycles                       3844830818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                     6377                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                     211971                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                    74899     40.89%     40.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     131      0.07%     40.96% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                    1932      1.05%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                  106221     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total               183183                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                     73532     49.31%     49.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      131      0.09%     49.40% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                     1932      1.30%     50.69% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                    73532     49.31%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                149127                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             1857710123500     96.63%     96.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                93945500      0.00%     96.64% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22               769790000      0.04%     96.68% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31             63840816000      3.32%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         1922414675000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.981749                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.692255                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.814088                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                         30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::12                         1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::15                         1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                        10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::20                         6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::23                         4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::24                         6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                        11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::41                         2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::47                         6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                        10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                        10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::58                         1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                        16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::87                         1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::90                         3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::92                         9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::97                         2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::98                         2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::132                        4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::147                        2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::cserve                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrmces                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrfen                      1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                   1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                  4174      2.16%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       54      0.03%      2.19% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrent                      7      0.00%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                175962     91.22%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    6833      3.54%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrkgp                      1      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      7      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      9      0.00%     96.96% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::whami                      2      0.00%     96.97% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     5157      2.67%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                      181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                 192906                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              5901                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1741                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                2096                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1910                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1741                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                   169                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.323674                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.080630                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.392278                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel        46528757000      2.42%      2.42% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user           5244548000      0.27%      2.69% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle         1870641368000     97.31%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                     4175                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    56180200                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      56180200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              52052716                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 324259                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                     1483318                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6468478                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     52052716                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        324259                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            71320481                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           38519316                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               163543                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              166418                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      15472847                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     9100978                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    6371869                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles               3586740156.000134                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               258090661.999866                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 0.067127                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.932873                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           8422318                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass               3200272      5.70%      5.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  36230015     64.48%     70.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    60990      0.11%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     70.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   38081      0.07%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                    3636      0.01%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  9328048     16.60%     86.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 6377943     11.35%     98.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                 953034      1.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   56192019                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1390892                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.977567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            14047886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1391404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             10.096195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         114940500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.977567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          258                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           67                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          63148569                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         63148569                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      7813455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         7813455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      5852226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5852226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu.data       182968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       182968                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu.data       199220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199220                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      13665681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         13665681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     13665681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        13665681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1069828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1069828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       304319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       304319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu.data        17275                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        17275                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      1374147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        1374147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      1374147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       1374147                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30980928500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30980928500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  11763694500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11763694500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    230325000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    230325000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  42744623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42744623000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  42744623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42744623000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      8883283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8883283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      6156545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6156545                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu.data       200243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       200243                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu.data       199220                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199220                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     15039828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15039828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     15039828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15039828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.120432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049430                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.049430                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086270                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086270                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.091367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.091367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28958.793843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28958.793843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 38655.800328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38655.800328                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 13332.850941                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13332.850941                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31106.295760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31106.295760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31106.295760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31106.295760                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       835265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            835265                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1069828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1069828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       304319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       304319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        17275                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        17275                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1374147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1374147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1374147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  29911100500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29911100500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  11459375500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11459375500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    213050000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    213050000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41370476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41370476000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  41370476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41370476000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1533911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1533911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1533911000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1533911000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.120432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.049430                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049430                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.086270                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086270                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.091367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.091367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 27958.793843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27958.793843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 37655.800328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37655.800328                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 12332.850941                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12332.850941                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30106.295760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30106.295760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30106.295760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30106.295760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 221343.578644                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221343.578644                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 92515.741858                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 92515.741858                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            928034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.064469                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            55263315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            928545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             59.516033                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle       42160205500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.064469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.992313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          438                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          57120725                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         57120725                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     55263315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        55263315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      55263315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         55263315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     55263315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        55263315                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst       928705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        928705                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst       928705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         928705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst       928705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        928705                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13023819500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13023819500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13023819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  13023819500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13023819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  13023819500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     56192020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     56192020                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     56192020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     56192020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     56192020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     56192020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016527                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016527                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016527                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14023.634523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14023.634523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14023.634523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14023.634523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14023.634523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14023.634523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       928034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            928034                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       928705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       928705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       928705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       928705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12095114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12095114500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12095114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12095114500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  12095114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12095114500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016527                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13023.634523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13023.634523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13023.634523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13023.634523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 13023.634523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13023.634523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           336391                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        65395.484463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            4235202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           401913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            10.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle       7260348000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   235.775942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  4738.507265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 60421.201256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.003598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.072304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.921954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4753                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        59867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999786                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         37502484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        37502484                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       835265                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       835265                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       927811                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total       927811                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total           12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       187491                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       187491                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       915488                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       915488                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data       815128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       815128                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       915488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1002619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         1918107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       915488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1002619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        1918107                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       116811                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       116811                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        13197                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        13197                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data       271975                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       271975                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        13197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       388786                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        401983                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        13197                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       388786                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       401983                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data       246500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       246500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   9030572500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9030572500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1076146500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1076146500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  19920583000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19920583000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1076146500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  28951155500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  30027302000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   1076146500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  28951155500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  30027302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       835265                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       835265                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       927811                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total       927811                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       304302                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       304302                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       928685                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       928685                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1087103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1087103                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       928685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1391405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2320090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       928685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1391405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2320090                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.383865                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014210                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014210                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250183                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.173262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.173262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data        49300                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        49300                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 77309.264538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77309.264538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81544.782905                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81544.782905                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 73244.169501                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73244.169501                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81544.782905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74465.529880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74697.939963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 81544.782905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 74465.529880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74697.939963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks        74246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total            74246                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       116811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       116811                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13197                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13197                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       271975                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271975                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388786                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       401983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        13197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       388786                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       401983                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9650                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        16580                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       196500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   7862462500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7862462500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    944176500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    944176500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  17200833000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17200833000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    944176500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25063295500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26007472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    944176500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  25063295500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26007472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447255500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447255500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   1447255500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1447255500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.383865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.383865                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.250183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250183                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.014210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.279420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.173262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data        39300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        39300                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 67309.264538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67309.264538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71544.782905                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71544.782905                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 63244.169501                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63244.169501                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71544.782905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64465.529880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64697.939963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 71544.782905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 64465.529880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64697.939963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 208839.177489                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208839.177489                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 87289.234017                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 87289.234017                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4639053                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2319092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1505                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          884                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          884                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       2022895                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq          9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp         9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       909511                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       928034                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       817772                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           17                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       304302                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       304302                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       928705                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1087263                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          219                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2785424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      4207053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           6992477                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    118830016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    142561492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          261391508                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      336947                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic               4763072                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      2673477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.000954                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.030869                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            2670927     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1               2550      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        2673477                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     4095940500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       293383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1393057500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    2098871000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7103                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51202                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5156                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  116610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2706172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              5337500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               758500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              174000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             1891500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6041500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               82000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           216133054                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            23510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41946000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.342865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1756469369000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.342865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.083929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.083929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21758883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21758883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4857806171                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4857806171                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4879565054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4879565054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4879565054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4879565054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125773.890173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125773.890173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116909.081897                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116909.081897                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116945.837124                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116945.837124                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116945.837124                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116945.837124                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41725                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13108883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13108883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2777800981                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2777800981                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2790909864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2790909864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2790909864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2790909864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75773.890173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75773.890173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66851.198041                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66851.198041                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66888.193265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66888.193265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66888.193265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66888.193265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        821076                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       378187                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          407                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9650                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       115758                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261593                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              136                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            116680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           116680                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1139235                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1172395                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1255820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        44564                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30452928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     30497492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2657728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33155220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              431                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      27456                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            460293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001416                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.037610                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  459641     99.86%     99.86% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     652      0.14%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              460293                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            30118500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1286935040                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2142767250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             887117                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1922415409000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
