
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.842573                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1842573194000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1842573194000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 206946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   206946                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             5715573944                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 339016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   322.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    66714903                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      66714903                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           469248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         20132864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           150208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2123008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           298368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          2617024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             25791680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       469248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       150208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       298368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          917824                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7488960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7488960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            314576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2347                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             33172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              4662                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             40891                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                402995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          117015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               117015                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              254670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            10926493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               81521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data             1152197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst              161930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data             1420309                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13997642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         254670                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          81521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst         161930                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             498121                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           4064403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                4064403                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           4064403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             254670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           10926493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              81521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data            1152197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst             161930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data            1420309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               18062045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         81087                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        46731                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       81087                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      46731                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5188416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   2989056                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5189568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                2990784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                       18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                4742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                4837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                5213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                4880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               4911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               4972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               5564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               4905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                2655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                2725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                2864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                3189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                3009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                2838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                3113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                2705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                3288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                2746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               2782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               2735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               3348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               2746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           3                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1841561317000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   81087                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  46731                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     63494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      7529                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      5570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                      4444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                        79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                      774                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     1705                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     1920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     2365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     2568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     3028                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     3585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     2820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     3153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     3420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     3068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     2749                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     2819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     2602                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     2211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     2272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     2180                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                       90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        21474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      380.808047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     217.054900                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     378.494212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127           7105     33.09%     33.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4792     22.32%     55.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1974      9.19%     64.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1058      4.93%     69.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639          851      3.96%     73.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767          468      2.18%     75.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          396      1.84%     77.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          380      1.77%     79.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4450     20.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          21474                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          2032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        39.890256                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      985.167686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           2030     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.05%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::43008-45055            1      0.05%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            2032                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          2032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.984252                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.590209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       23.991562                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                34      1.67%      1.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 7      0.34%      2.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                3      0.15%      2.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               2      0.10%      2.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1678     82.58%     84.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              43      2.12%     86.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              12      0.59%     87.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              18      0.89%     88.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             100      4.92%     93.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39               2      0.10%     93.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43               5      0.25%     93.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               3      0.15%     93.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               1      0.05%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               2      0.10%     94.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               1      0.05%     94.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.10%     94.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               2      0.10%     94.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               1      0.05%     94.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               1      0.05%     94.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               7      0.34%     94.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               2      0.10%     94.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               2      0.10%     94.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99              82      4.04%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             1      0.05%     98.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::116-119             2      0.10%     99.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             2      0.10%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             1      0.05%     99.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             2      0.10%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             1      0.05%     99.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             2      0.10%     99.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             1      0.05%     99.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-195             1      0.05%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::220-223             1      0.05%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227             7      0.34%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::248-251             1      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            2032                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                      878117500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2398161250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    405345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       10831.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  29581.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         7.72                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      69338                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     36961                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   85.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     14407683.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      83.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                   80173800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   43646625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 312904800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                149675040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy            89124122880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            35767572390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           797968033500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             923446129035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              668.080170                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1309854007000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     45564480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      9260985250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                   82169640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   44677875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 319433400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                152966880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy            89124122880                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            35452017540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           802163554500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             927338942715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              667.741345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1310300112750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     45564480000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      8843530000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     4806164                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      6050                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          122                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  427464                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    3411517                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      679                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                          84                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 163616                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                     8217681                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      6729                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          206                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  591080                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    2722802                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3018                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         101                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                2725820                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions               6514                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         3257                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    552798033.019036                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1352688826.519808                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         3257    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       142000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   3905515000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           3257                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    42110000457                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1800463193543                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       928783152                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6426                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    211388                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   74798     40.97%     40.97% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    203      0.11%     41.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1879      1.03%     42.11% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                 105692     57.89%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              182572                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    73431     49.30%     49.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     203      0.14%     49.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1879      1.26%     50.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   73431     49.30%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               148944                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1819731049500     98.76%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               39465000      0.00%     98.76% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              370305500      0.02%     98.78% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            22431640000      1.22%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1842572460000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.981724                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.694764                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.815810                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      2.45%      2.45% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        30      9.20%     11.66% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.23%     12.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        42     12.88%     25.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.31%     26.07% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.31%     26.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                       15      4.60%     30.98% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      3.07%     34.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      1.84%     35.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        4      1.23%     37.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        6      1.84%     38.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                       11      3.37%     42.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.61%     42.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       54     16.56%     59.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        6      1.84%     61.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      3.07%     64.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      3.07%     67.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.31%     67.79% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        7      2.15%     69.94% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       54     16.56%     86.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      0.92%     87.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                       16      4.91%     92.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.31%     92.64% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      0.92%     93.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      2.76%     96.32% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.61%     96.93% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.61%     97.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       4      1.23%     98.77% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.61%     99.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.61%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   326                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 4175      2.17%      2.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      54      0.03%      2.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.21% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               175313     91.20%     93.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6783      3.53%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     7      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.00%     96.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.95% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    5176      2.69%     99.64% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 515      0.27%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     181      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                192227                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             5922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1738                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle               2095                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1907                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1738                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                  169                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.322020                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.080668                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.390979                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       29732108000      1.61%      1.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          2585852000      0.14%      1.75% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1810254498000     98.25%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    4176                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   30003730                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     30003730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             27925731                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                163756                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     796110                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      3567009                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    27925731                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       163756                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           38434691                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          20585928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads               84641                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes              86208                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                      8247251                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    4827160                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3420091                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              907147772.055444                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              21635379.944556                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.023294                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.976706                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          4619076                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              1571431      5.24%      5.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 19496987     64.97%     70.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   31839      0.11%     70.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  12846      0.04%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1596      0.01%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 4957504     16.52%     86.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3423190     11.41%     98.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                515272      1.72%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  30010665                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1394329                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.997818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           13513290                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1394841                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.688050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle         10840000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   257.899506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data    77.334042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   176.764270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.503710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.151043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.345243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         64401814                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        64401814                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      3982326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      1071245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      2765188                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        7818759                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3123296                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data       821204                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      1357761                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       5302261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       113724                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        19478                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu2.data        59657                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       192859                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       122531                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        21526                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu2.data        55288                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       199345                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      7105622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      1892449                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      4122949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        13121020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      7105622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      1892449                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      4122949                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       13121020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       711284                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data        95061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       562348                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1368693                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       164279                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        43166                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       643208                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       850653                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data         9354                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu2.data         7624                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        19158                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       875563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       138227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1205556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       2219346                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       875563                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       138227                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1205556                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2219346                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2249916500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   8280122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10530038500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1722737000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19403438202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21126175202                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     28838500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data    118651000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    147489500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       209000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total       209000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3972653500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27683560202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  31656213702                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3972653500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27683560202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  31656213702                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4693610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1166306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3327536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9187452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3287575                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data       864370                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      2000969                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6152914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123078                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21658                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu2.data        67281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       212017                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       122531                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        21526                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55303                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       199360                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      7981185                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      2030676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      5328505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15340366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      7981185                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      2030676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      5328505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15340366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.151543                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.168998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.148974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.049970                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.321448                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.138252                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.076001                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100656                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.113316                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.090361                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000271                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.226247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.144674                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.109703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.226247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.144674                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23668.134145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14724.195694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7693.499200                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39909.581615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30166.661798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24835.244456                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13228.669725                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15562.827912                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7698.585447                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 13933.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13933.333333                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28740.068872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22963.313361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14263.757748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28740.068872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 22963.313361                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14263.757748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1005696                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2108                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            59599                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets             18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    16.874377                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   117.111111                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       837399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           837399                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       293239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       293239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       548303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       548303                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total         2076                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       841542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       841542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       841542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       841542                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        95061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       269109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       364170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        43166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        94905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       138071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         2180                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         5548                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         7728                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       364014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       502241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       138227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       364014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       502241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2560                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3728                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6288                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2154855500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4439209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6594064500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1679571000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3050724099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4730295099                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     26658500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     69598500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96257000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       194000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       194000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3834426500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7489933099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11324359599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3834426500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7489933099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11324359599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    248626500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    373633000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    622259500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    248626500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    373633000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    622259500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.080873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049939                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.047430                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022440                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.100656                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.082460                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036450                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000271                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068314                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032740                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.068069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.068314                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 22668.134145                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16495.951455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18107.105198                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 38909.581615                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32145.030283                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34259.874260                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12228.669725                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12544.790916                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12455.615942                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 12933.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12933.333333                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27740.068872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20575.947900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22547.660583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27740.068872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20575.947900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22547.660583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 219828.912467                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 218116.170461                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 218797.292546                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 97119.726562                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 100223.444206                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 98959.844148                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           970146                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          511.204815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           39666884                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           970657                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.866015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      10200765500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   263.084411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    64.947265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   183.173139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.513837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.126850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.357760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998447                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          511                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          447                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.998047                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         41630359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        41630359                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     29500548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst      7433858                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2732478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       39666884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     29500548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst      7433858                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2732478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        39666884                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     29500548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst      7433858                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2732478                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       39666884                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       510117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       127222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       355287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       992626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       510117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       127222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       355287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        992626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       510117                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       127222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       355287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       992626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1824371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4938070984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   6762441984                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1824371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4938070984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   6762441984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1824371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4938070984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   6762441984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     30010665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst      7561080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3087765                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     40659510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     30010665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst      7561080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3087765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     40659510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     30010665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst      7561080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3087765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     40659510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115063                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016998                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016826                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115063                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.016998                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016826                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.115063                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14340.059109                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13898.822597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6812.678677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14340.059109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13898.822597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  6812.678677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14340.059109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13898.822597                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  6812.678677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4393                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    19.611607                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       970146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           970146                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        21777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        21777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        21777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        21777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        21777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        21777                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       127222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       333510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       460732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       127222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       333510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       460732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       127222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       333510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       460732                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1697149000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4385581487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6082730487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1697149000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4385581487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6082730487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   1697149000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   4385581487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6082730487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016826                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.016826                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.108010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13340.059109                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13149.775080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13202.318239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13340.059109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13149.775080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13202.318239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13340.059109                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13149.775080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13202.318239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     1185765                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      1350                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                           34                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  142577                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                     886140                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      164                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          19                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                  58302                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     2071905                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      1514                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           53                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  200879                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                     858318                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                      678                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                          29                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                 858996                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               2295                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    1552918826.219512                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   1902969233.500840                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1148    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       123500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   6633070500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           1148                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    59822381500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1782750812500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                       953371043                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                    7559512                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                      7559512                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses              7024268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                 44783                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     206891                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts       914000                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                     7024268                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                        44783                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads            9773567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           5124259                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               24150                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              24568                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      2078876                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    1190479                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                    888397                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              923345266.952757                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              30025776.047243                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.031494                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.968506                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1187005                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               406253      5.37%      5.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  4898849     64.79%     70.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                    8443      0.11%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                   5163      0.07%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     70.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                    816      0.01%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     70.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 1219110     16.12%     86.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                 889613     11.77%     98.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                132832      1.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                   7561079                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               10182069                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          9237326                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           193435                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             7648921                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                5487936                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            71.747845                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 365631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             14350                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        1844704                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits            187088                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1657616                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted        85690                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_hits                     3799673                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.dtb.read_misses                     14845                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.dtb.read_acv                          160                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.read_accesses                  231351                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_hits                    2187859                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.dtb.write_misses                     3782                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.dtb.write_acv                         156                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.write_accesses                  85049                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_hits                     5987532                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.dtb.data_misses                     18627                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.dtb.data_acv                          316                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.dtb.data_accesses                  316400                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_hits                     533981                       # ITB hits
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_misses                     2772                       # ITB misses
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_acv                         207                       # ITB acv
system.cpu2.itb.fetch_accesses                 536753                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu2.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu2.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu2.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu2.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu2.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu2.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu2.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu2.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu2.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu2.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu2.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu2.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu2.numPwrStateTransitions               3110                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         1555                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    290577901.929260                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   445615554.555058                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         1555    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        35500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           1555                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   1390724556500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 451848637500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        30294700                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles           9331724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      40046932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   10182069                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           6040655                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     18950980                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 546368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               10813                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             1967                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        55421                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles        90541                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          526                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3087771                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               132437                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          28714918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.394639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.444168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                19847963     69.12%     69.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  338255      1.18%     70.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                  516605      1.80%     72.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 4056347     14.13%     86.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  883774      3.08%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  213492      0.74%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  260077      0.91%     90.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  443832      1.55%     92.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                 2154573      7.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            28714918                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.336101                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.321912                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 7553623                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             12980509                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                  7101757                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles               570685                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                262482                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.BranchResolved              224592                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.cpu2.decode.BranchMispred                11278                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts              36245198                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.SquashedInsts                35745                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                262482                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                 7856240                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                4908054                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       5914164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                  7349808                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles              2178317                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts              35245227                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                60989                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents                402200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 73644                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               1098810                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands           23726835                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups             43551141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups        43490937                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups            56291                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps             20541823                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                 3185012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            542390                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts         75158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                  3906024                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             3910206                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            2331407                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           534571                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          330323                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                  32351146                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             700049                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                 31671278                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            26658                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        3899534                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      1737148                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        505950                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     28714918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.102956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.635713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           17343310     60.40%     60.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            2798035      9.74%     70.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            1407296      4.90%     75.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            4809954     16.75%     91.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            1078748      3.76%     95.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             629909      2.19%     97.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6             420699      1.47%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             175678      0.61%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              51289      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       28714918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  83963     19.65%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                211212     49.43%     69.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite               132122     30.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass             2449      0.01%      0.01% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             25130857     79.35%     79.36% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               21000      0.07%     79.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                    0      0.00%     79.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd              20519      0.06%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv               1224      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     79.49% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             3970834     12.54%     92.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            2221095      7.01%     99.04% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            303300      0.96%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total              31671278                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.045440                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     427297                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.013492                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads          92249666                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         36829058                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     30874313                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads             261763                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            128201                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       120289                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              31956268                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                 139858                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          223032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       835467                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         1428                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6657                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       271687                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         4727                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       223048                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                262482                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                4297358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles               190047                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           34535423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            71039                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              3910206                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             2331407                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            624892                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 12907                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents               136174                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          6657                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         75410                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       204692                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              280102                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts             31389945                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              3824957                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           281333                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                      1484228                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                     6022953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6845679                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   2197996                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.036153                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                      31070665                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                     30994602                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                 17781356                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                 21603769                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.023103                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.823067                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        4096171                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         194099                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           251035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     28008857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.084369                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.866736                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18128303     64.72%     64.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2274965      8.12%     72.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1151627      4.11%     76.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4494039     16.05%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       560514      2.00%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       204888      0.73%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       167574      0.60%     96.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       175902      0.63%     96.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       851045      3.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     28008857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            30371950                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps              30371950                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       5134459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      3074739                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                      68371                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6541536                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                    115785                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 28855389                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              240551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      1222737      4.03%      4.03% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        23599707     77.70%     81.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          20441      0.07%     81.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     81.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         20074      0.07%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     81.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv          1224      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.87% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        3143110     10.35%     92.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       2061357      6.79%     99.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess       303300      1.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total         30371950                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events               851045                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                    61550290                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                   69643370                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         166665                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1579782                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  1747467532                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   29151661                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                     29151661                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.039210                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.039210                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.962269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.962269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads                41082611                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               21995152                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    71087                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   74140                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads                4380582                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                272883                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7317                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               51363                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              51363                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         5194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          756                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18256                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         1904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        33910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83450                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  117360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        20776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         7596                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        45576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2707184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               133500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy               56000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy             5888500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             2490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy            89817179                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             9132000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            17450000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41685                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                1.262350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41701                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1693898501000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     1.262350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.078897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.078897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375525                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375525                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41725                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41725                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      9479963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9479963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2017910216                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2017910216                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2027390179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   2027390179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2027390179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   2027390179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41725                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41725                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 54797.473988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54797.473988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 48563.491914                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48563.491914                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 48589.339221                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48589.339221                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 48589.339221                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48589.339221                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41512                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17264                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        17264                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        17333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        17333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide      6029963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6029963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1153715348                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1153715348                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1159745311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159745311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   1159745311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1159745311                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.398844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.415479                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415479                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.415410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide     0.415410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 87390.768116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87390.768116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66827.812095                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66827.812095                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66909.670051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66909.670051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66909.670051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66909.670051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   337759                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65519.967313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4324806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   403281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    10.724051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                614754000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     245.396014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     2334.791555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    32190.823829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      573.204668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     8853.828657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst     2257.129240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data    19064.793350                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.003744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.035626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.491193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.008746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.135099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.034441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.290906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.999755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          698                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5242                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        59064                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999786                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 38232018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                38232018                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       837399                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          837399                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       969843                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          969843                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              10                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data               2                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              12                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                  24                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data            15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            90234                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            25592                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            71010                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               186836                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        502765                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        124874                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        328795                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            956434                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       479827                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        81593                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       257548                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           818968                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              502765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              570061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              124874                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              107185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              328795                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              328558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1962238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             502765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             570061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             124874                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             107185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             328795                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             328558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1962238                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data             5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          74035                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          17572                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          23971                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             115578                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7332                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2347                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         4662                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14341                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       240811                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data        15648                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        17016                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         273475                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            314846                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             33220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              4662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             40987                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                403394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7332                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           314846                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            33220                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             4662                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            40987                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               403394                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data       302500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       302500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1345702000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2144147000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   3489849000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    193415000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    390013000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    583428000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1177247500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1285023500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2462271000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    193415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2522949500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    390013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3429170500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      6535548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    193415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2522949500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    390013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3429170500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     6535548000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       837399                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       837399                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       969843                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       969843                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data           10                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data            2                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           17                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total              29                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data           15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total            15                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       164269                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        43164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        94981                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           302414                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       510097                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       127221                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       333457                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        970775                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       720638                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        97241                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       274564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1092443                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          510097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          884907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          127221                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          140405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          333457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          369545                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2365632                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         510097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         884907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         127221                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         140405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         333457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         369545                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2365632                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.294118                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.172414                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.450694                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.407099                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.252377                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.382185                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014374                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018448                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013981                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.014773                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.334164                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.160920                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.250333                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.014374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.355796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.018448                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.236601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013981                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.110912                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.170523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.014374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.355796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.018448                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.236601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.013981                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.110912                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.170523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data        60500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total        60500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 76582.176189                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89447.540778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30194.751596                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82409.458884                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83657.872158                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40682.518653                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75233.096881                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 75518.541373                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9003.642015                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82409.458884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75946.703793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83657.872158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83664.832752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16201.401112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82409.458884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 75946.703793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 83657.872158                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 83664.832752                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16201.401112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               75503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    75503                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        17572                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        23971                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         41543                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2347                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4662                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7009                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        15648                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        17016                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        32664                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4662                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        40987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            81216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        33220                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         4662                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        40987                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           81216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1131                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         1713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         2844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         1429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         2015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3444                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         2560                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data         3728                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         6288                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data       252500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       252500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1169982000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1904437000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3074419000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169945000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343393000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    513338000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1020767500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1116825500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2137593000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2190749500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3021262500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5725350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    169945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2190749500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    343393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   3021262500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5725350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    234482500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    352216500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    586699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    234482500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    352216500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    586699000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172414                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.407099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.252377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.137371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018448                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013981                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.160920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.061975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029900                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018448                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.236601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013981                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.110912                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.018448                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.236601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013981                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.110912                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data        50500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        50500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 66582.176189                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 79447.540778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74005.704932                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72409.458884                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73657.872158                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73239.834499                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65233.096881                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 65633.844617                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65441.862601                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72409.458884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65946.703793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73657.872158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73712.701588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70495.345745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72409.458884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 65946.703793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 73657.872158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 73712.701588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70495.345745                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 207323.165340                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 205613.835377                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 206293.600563                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 91594.726562                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 94478.674893                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 93304.548346                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        823847                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       379580                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          408                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             295118                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       117015                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261705                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              133                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              97                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            115450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           115450                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        287989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        24288                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        33910                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1143669                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1177609                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       107817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       107817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1285426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        45576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     30634176                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     30679752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2664384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2664384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33344136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              152                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                       9536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            742383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001299                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.036012                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  741419     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     964      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              742383                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            10929000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           389109129                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy               19500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          434990750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             365537                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4730225                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2364683                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests         1647                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1041                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1041                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7144                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2070475                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             9811                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       866906                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       970146                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          608698                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq              29                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq            15                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp             44                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           302414                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          302414                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        970849                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1092499                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError           15                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq           40                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2911790                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      4218095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7129885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    124220224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    142912456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              267132680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          338659                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                   4850432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          4115169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000990                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.031456                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                4111093     99.90%     99.90% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                   4076      0.10%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            4115169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1824758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy            98963                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         691417859                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         769604277                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1842573194000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.hwrei                         0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::kernel                0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::user                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::kernel                  0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::user                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::user           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::kernel                 0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::user                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu2.kern.swap_context                       0                       # number of times the context was actually changed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
