
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000522                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   521659000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                  521659000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_tick_rate                               99821577                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 236108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.23                       # Real time elapsed on the host
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0                261574                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1                259726                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2                254844                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu3                256223                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu4                261709                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu5                259188                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu6                257071                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu7                253171                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              2063506                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1454400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu0               5412                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu1               5468                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu2               5497                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu3               5381                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu4               5437                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu5               5503                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu6               5505                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::cpu7               5688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1498291                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0                  13795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1                  13774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2                  13680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu3                  13673                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu4                  13678                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu5                  13740                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu6                  13765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu7                  13771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                109876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           22725                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu0                  5412                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu1                  5468                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu2                  5497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu3                  5381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu4                  5437                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu5                  5503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu6                  5505                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu7                  5688                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                66616                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0                501427178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1                497884633                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2                488526029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu3                491169519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu4                501685967                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu5                496853308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu6                492795102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu7                485318954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total              3955660690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks        2788028195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu0                10374593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu1                10481943                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu2                10537535                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu3                10315168                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu4                10422517                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu5                10549037                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu6                10552871                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::cpu7                10903675                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total             2872165533                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks        2788028195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0               511801771                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1               508366577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2               499063565                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu3               501484686                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu4               512108485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu5               507402345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu6               503347973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu7               496222628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total             6827826224                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.num_reads                           99316                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu0.num_writes                          55523                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.replacements               22284                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.956341                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.590667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0      390.956341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0       0.763587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          409                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.798828                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337730                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337730                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0               8729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0              1158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1158                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::cpu0                9887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_hits::total               9887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::cpu0               9887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_hits::total              9887                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0            36226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu0           24124                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24124                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::cpu0             60350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_misses::total            60350                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::cpu0            60350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_misses::total           60350                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0    712731918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    712731918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0    593276823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    593276823                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0   1306008741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1306008741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0   1306008741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1306008741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0          44955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44955                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0         25282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu0           70237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70237                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu0          70237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70237                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0      0.805828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954197                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0       0.859234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0      0.859234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 19674.596091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19674.596091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 24592.804800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24592.804800                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 21640.575659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21640.575659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 21640.575659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21640.575659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       872655                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.081322                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.writebacks::total                9923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        36226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0        24124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24124                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0        60350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0        60350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15277                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    676507918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    676507918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    569152823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569152823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1245660741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245660741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0   1245660741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245660741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    770027425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    770027425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    770027425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    770027425                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.805828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.954197                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954197                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.859234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.859234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 18674.651300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18674.651300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 23592.804800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23592.804800                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20640.608799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20640.608799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 20640.608799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20640.608799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 78072.333469                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78072.333469                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 50404.361131                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 50404.361131                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.num_reads                           99894                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu1.num_writes                          55231                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.replacements               22436                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.315294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13542                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22813                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.593609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1      391.315294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1       0.764288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.736328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338824                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338824                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1               8855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu1              1149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1149                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::cpu1               10004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_hits::total              10004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::cpu1              10004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_hits::total             10004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu1            36651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu1           23831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23831                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::cpu1             60482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_misses::total            60482                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::cpu1            60482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_misses::total           60482                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1    724296905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    724296905                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1    578481683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    578481683                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1   1302778588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1302778588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1   1302778588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1302778588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1          45506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1         24980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24980                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu1           70486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu1          70486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1      0.805410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.805410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1       0.858071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1      0.858071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 19761.995716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19761.995716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 24274.335236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24274.335236                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 21539.938957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21539.938957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 21539.938957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21539.938957                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       869423                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66885                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.998774                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.writebacks::total                9819                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        36651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1        23831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23831                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1        60482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1        60482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60482                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15341                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15341                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    687646905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687646905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    554650683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    554650683                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1242297588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1242297588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1   1242297588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1242297588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    771585814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    771585814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    771585814                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    771585814                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.805410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.805410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.954003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954003                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.858071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.858071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 18762.023001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18762.023001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 23274.335236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23274.335236                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 20539.955491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20539.955491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 20539.955491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20539.955491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 78159.016815                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78159.016815                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 50295.666123                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 50295.666123                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.num_reads                           99314                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu2.num_writes                          55477                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.replacements               22237                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             390.931192                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13493                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.596086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2      390.931192                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2       0.763537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.763537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          399                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          379                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.779297                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337492                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337492                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2               8705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu2              1188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1188                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::cpu2                9893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_hits::total               9893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::cpu2               9893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_hits::total              9893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2            36190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu2           24129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          24129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::cpu2             60319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_misses::total            60319                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::cpu2            60319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_misses::total           60319                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2    713868287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    713868287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2    591883556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    591883556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2   1305751843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1305751843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2   1305751843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1305751843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2          44895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         44895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2         25317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25317                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu2           70212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70212                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu2          70212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70212                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2      0.806103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953075                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2       0.859098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2      0.859098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 19725.567477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19725.567477                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 24529.966265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24529.966265                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 21647.438502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21647.438502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 21647.438502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21647.438502                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       871392                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.052215                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.writebacks::total                9753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        36190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2        24129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        24129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2        60319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2        60319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60319                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15350                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15350                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    677680287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    677680287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    567754556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567754556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1245434843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245434843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2   1245434843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245434843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    769926007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    769926007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    769926007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    769926007                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.806103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.953075                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953075                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.859098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 18725.622741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18725.622741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 23529.966265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23529.966265                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 20647.471659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20647.471659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 20647.471659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20647.471659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 78149.208993                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78149.208993                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 50158.046059                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 50158.046059                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.num_reads                           99963                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu3.num_writes                          54829                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.replacements               22502                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.266593                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.586884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3      392.266593                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3       0.766146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338127                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu3               8758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8758                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu3              1160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::cpu3                9918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_hits::total               9918                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::cpu3               9918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_hits::total              9918                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu3            36654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu3           23751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23751                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::cpu3             60405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_misses::total            60405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::cpu3            60405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_misses::total           60405                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3    726630781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    726630781                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3    580088175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    580088175                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3   1306718956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1306718956                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3   1306718956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1306718956                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3          45412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3         24911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24911                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu3           70323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu3          70323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3      0.807143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953434                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3       0.858965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.858965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3      0.858965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.858965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 19824.051427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19824.051427                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 24423.736895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24423.736895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 21632.629021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21632.629021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 21632.629021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21632.629021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       870625                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66788                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.035650                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.writebacks::total                9808                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        36654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3        23751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3        60405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3        60405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5382                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15206                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15206                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    689977781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    689977781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    556338175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556338175                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1246315956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246315956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3   1246315956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246315956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    768661965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    768661965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    768661965                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    768661965                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.807143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.953434                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953434                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.858965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.858965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 18824.078709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18824.078709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 23423.778999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23423.778999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 20632.662131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20632.662131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 20632.662131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20632.662131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 78243.278196                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78243.278196                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 50549.912206                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 50549.912206                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.num_reads                           98794                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu4.num_writes                          54937                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.replacements               22508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             392.668091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22922                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.584984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4      392.668091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4       0.766930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.766930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          414                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.808594                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337369                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337369                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu4               8739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8739                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu4              1134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1134                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::cpu4                9873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_hits::total               9873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::cpu4               9873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_hits::total              9873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu4            36311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu4           23983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23983                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::cpu4             60294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_misses::total            60294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::cpu4            60294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_misses::total           60294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu4    724331862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    724331862                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu4    586488864                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    586488864                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4   1310820726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1310820726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4   1310820726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1310820726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu4          45050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu4         25117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25117                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu4           70167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu4          70167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu4      0.806016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.806016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.954851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.954851                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4       0.859293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4      0.859293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 19948.000936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19948.000936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 24454.357837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24454.357837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 21740.483730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21740.483730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 21740.483730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21740.483730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       869421                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66532                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.067712                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.writebacks::total                9883                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        36311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu4        23983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23983                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4        60294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4        60294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5439                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15180                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15180                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    688022862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    688022862                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    562507864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562507864                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1250530726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1250530726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4   1250530726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1250530726                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    763019844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    763019844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    763019844                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    763019844                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.806016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.806016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.954851                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.954851                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.859293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.859293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 18948.056016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18948.056016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 23454.441229                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23454.441229                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 20740.550071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20740.550071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 20740.550071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20740.550071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 78330.750847                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78330.750847                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 50264.811858                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu4.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 50264.811858                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.num_reads                           99762                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu5.num_writes                          55488                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.replacements               22372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.676077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.592254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5      391.676077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5       0.764992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          387                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.785156                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              338416                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.tags.data_accesses             338416                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu5               8728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu5              1164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::cpu5                9892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_hits::total               9892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::cpu5               9892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_hits::total              9892                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu5            36506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu5           23995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::cpu5             60501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_misses::total            60501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::cpu5            60501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_misses::total           60501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu5    721706442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    721706442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu5    584665158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    584665158                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5   1306371600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1306371600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5   1306371600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1306371600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu5          45234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu5         25159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu5           70393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu5          70393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu5      0.807048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.953734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953734                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5       0.859475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859475                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5      0.859475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859475                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 19769.529447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19769.529447                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 24366.124526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24366.124526                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 21592.562106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21592.562106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 21592.562106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21592.562106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       870792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66903                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.015739                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.writebacks::total                9839                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        36506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu5        23995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5        60501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5        60501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5507                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15352                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15352                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    685200442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    685200442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    560672158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560672158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1245872600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245872600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5   1245872600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1245872600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    769357074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    769357074                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    769357074                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    769357074                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.807048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.953734                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953734                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.859475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859475                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.859475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859475                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 18769.529447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18769.529447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 23366.207877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23366.207877                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 20592.595164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20592.595164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 20592.595164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20592.595164                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 78146.985678                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78146.985678                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 50114.452449                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu5.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 50114.452449                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.num_reads                          100000                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu6.num_writes                          55102                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.replacements               22254                       # number of replacements
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.922561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22655                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.594880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6      391.922561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6       0.765474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.765474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          401                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          393                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.783203                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              337953                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.tags.data_accesses             337953                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu6               8677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu6              1226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1226                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::cpu6                9903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_hits::total               9903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::cpu6               9903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_hits::total              9903                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu6            36565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu6           23825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::cpu6             60390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_misses::total            60390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::cpu6            60390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_misses::total           60390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu6    723690383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    723690383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu6    577264297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    577264297                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6   1300954680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1300954680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6   1300954680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1300954680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu6          45242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45242                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu6         25051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        25051                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu6           70293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_accesses::total          70293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu6          70293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_accesses::total         70293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu6      0.808209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.808209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.951060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.951060                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6       0.859118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6      0.859118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 19791.887953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19791.887953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 24229.351396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24229.351396                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 21542.551416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21542.551416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 21542.551416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21542.551416                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       870051                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66789                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.026861                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.writebacks::total                9787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        36565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu6        23825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6        60390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6        60390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5506                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15410                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15410                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    687127383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    687127383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    553439297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    553439297                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1240566680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240566680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6   1240566680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1240566680                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    773835448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    773835448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    773835448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    773835448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.808209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.808209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.951060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.951060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.859118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 18791.942650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18791.942650                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 23229.351396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23229.351396                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20542.584534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20542.584534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 20542.584534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20542.584534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 78133.627625                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78133.627625                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 50216.446982                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu6.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 50216.446982                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.num_reads                           99606                       # number of read accesses completed
system.cpu7.num_writes                          54773                       # number of write accesses completed
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.replacements               21949                       # number of replacements
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tagsinuse             391.189669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.total_refs                 13361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.sampled_refs               22347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.avg_refs                0.597888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.warmup_cycle                   0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7      391.189669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7       0.764042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_percent::total      0.764042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          398                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.777344                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.tag_accesses              335877                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.tags.data_accesses             335877                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::cpu7               8692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_hits::total              8692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::cpu7              1148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_hits::total             1148                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::cpu7                9840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_hits::total               9840                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::cpu7               9840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_hits::total              9840                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::cpu7            36424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_misses::total           36424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::cpu7           23598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_misses::total          23598                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::cpu7             60022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_misses::total            60022                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::cpu7            60022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_misses::total           60022                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu7    721113865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    721113865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu7    575330708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    575330708                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7   1296444573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_latency::total   1296444573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7   1296444573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_latency::total   1296444573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu7          45116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_accesses::total         45116                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu7         24746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_accesses::total        24746                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::cpu7           69862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_accesses::total          69862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::cpu7          69862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_accesses::total         69862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu7      0.807341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.807341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953609                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.953609                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7       0.859151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_miss_rate::total      0.859151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7      0.859151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_miss_rate::total     0.859151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 19797.766994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19797.766994                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 24380.485973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24380.485973                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 21599.489737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21599.489737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 21599.489737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21599.489737                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       871786                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_mshrs               66469                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.blocked::no_targets                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    13.115678                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::writebacks           9508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.writebacks::total                9508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        36424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu7        23598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        23598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7        60022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_misses::total        60022                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7        60022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_misses::total        60022                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         9972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         5689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15661                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        15661                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    684690865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    684690865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    551733708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    551733708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1236424573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1236424573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7   1236424573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1236424573                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    778989868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    778989868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    778989868                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    778989868                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.807341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.953609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.953609                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.859151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.859151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 18797.794449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18797.794449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 23380.528350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23380.528350                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20599.523058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20599.523058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 20599.523058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20599.523058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 78117.716406                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 78117.716406                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 49740.748867                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu7.l1c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 49740.748867                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.tags.replacements                    91944                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                 1018.135199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                     150035                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                    92968                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     1.613835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                  8704000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     700.601873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0            40.249147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1            40.174988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2            39.327766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3            40.057426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu4            39.781379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu5            39.374996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu6            39.797467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu7            38.770159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.684182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0            0.039306                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1            0.039233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2            0.038406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu3            0.039119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu4            0.038849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu5            0.038452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu6            0.038865                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu7            0.037861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.994273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          947                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                  2139200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                 2139200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        77024                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total           77024                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0                  414                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1                  433                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2                  398                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3                  417                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu4                  426                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu5                  450                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu6                  421                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu7                  435                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                3394                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0                  1862                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1                  1934                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2                  1949                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3                  1865                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu4                  1828                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu5                  1873                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu6                  1869                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu7                  1854                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total                15034                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0              9356                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1              9333                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2              9371                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3              9291                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu4              9201                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu5              9292                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu6              9177                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu7              9226                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            74247                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0                    11218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1                    11267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2                    11320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu3                    11156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu4                    11029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu5                    11165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu6                    11046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu7                    11080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                   89281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0                   11218                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1                   11267                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2                   11320                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu3                   11156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu4                   11029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu5                   11165                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu6                   11046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu7                   11080                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                  89281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0               1872                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1               1844                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2               1947                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu3               1836                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu4               1852                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu5               1900                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu6               1862                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu7               1851                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total             14964                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0                4900                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1                4669                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2                4784                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3                4718                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu4                4791                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu5                4701                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu6                4630                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu7                4626                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total              37819                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0            2463                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1            2553                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2            2469                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3            2512                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu4            2543                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu5            2510                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu6            2544                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu7            2476                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          20070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0                   7363                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1                   7222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2                   7253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu3                   7230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu4                   7334                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu5                   7211                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu6                   7174                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu7                   7102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                 57889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0                  7363                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1                  7222                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2                  7253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu3                  7230                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu4                  7334                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu5                  7211                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu6                  7174                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu7                  7102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                57889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0     31234104                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1     31358138                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2     32572788                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu3     30120451                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu4     30799263                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu5     31792446                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu6     30352791                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu7     30383968                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total    248613949                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0     215803873                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1     203805632                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2     208081416                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3     204329473                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu4     209030536                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu5     205216215                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu6     201405883                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu7     201887028                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   1649560056                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0    169116609                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1    174843463                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2    170153096                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3    173149203                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu4    175448063                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu5    172961782                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu6    175284714                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu7    170387602                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   1381344532                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0        384920482                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1        378649095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2        378234512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu3        377478676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu4        384478599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu5        378177997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu6        376690597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu7        372274630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total      3030904588                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0       384920482                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1       378649095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2       378234512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu3       377478676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu4       384478599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu5       378177997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu6       376690597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu7       372274630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total     3030904588                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        77024                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        77024                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0             2286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1             2277                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2             2345                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3             2253                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu4             2278                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu5             2350                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu6             2283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu7             2286                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total           18358                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0              6762                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1              6603                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2              6733                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3              6583                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu4              6619                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu5              6574                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu6              6499                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu7              6480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total            52853                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0         11819                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1         11886                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2         11840                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3         11803                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu4         11744                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu5         11802                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu6         11721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu7         11702                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        94317                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0                18581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1                18489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2                18573                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu3                18386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu4                18363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu5                18376                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu6                18220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu7                18182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total              147170                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0               18581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1               18489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2               18573                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu3               18386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu4               18363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu5               18376                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu6               18220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu7               18182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total             147170                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0        0.818898                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1        0.809838                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2        0.830277                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu3        0.814913                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu4        0.812994                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu5        0.808511                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu6        0.815594                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu7        0.809711                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.815121                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0         0.724638                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1         0.707103                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2         0.710530                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3         0.716695                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu4         0.723825                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu5         0.715090                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu6         0.712417                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu7         0.713889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.715551                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0     0.208393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1     0.214791                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2     0.208530                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3     0.212827                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu4     0.216536                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu5     0.212676                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu6     0.217046                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu7     0.211588                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.212793                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0            0.396265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1            0.390611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2            0.390513                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu3            0.393234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu4            0.399390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu5            0.392414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu6            0.393743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu7            0.390606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.393348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0           0.396265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1           0.390611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2           0.390513                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu3           0.393234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu4           0.399390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu5           0.392414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu6           0.393743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu7           0.390606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.393348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 16684.884615                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 17005.497831                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 16729.731895                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 16405.474401                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 16630.271598                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 16732.866316                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 16301.176692                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 16414.893571                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16614.137196                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 44041.606735                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 43650.810024                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 43495.279264                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 43308.493641                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 43629.834273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 43653.736439                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 43500.190713                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 43641.813230                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43617.230916                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 68662.853837                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 68485.492754                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 68915.794249                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 68928.822850                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 68992.553284                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 68909.076494                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 68901.224057                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 68815.671244                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68826.334429                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 52277.669700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 52429.949460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 52148.698745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 52210.052006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 52424.134033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 52444.598114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 52507.749791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 52418.280766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52357.176458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0 52277.669700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1 52429.949460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2 52148.698745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3 52210.052006                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu4 52424.134033                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu5 52444.598114                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu6 52507.749791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu7 52418.280766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52357.176458                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             46726                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                     7668                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      6.093636                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               22726                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    22726                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu1               4                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu2               2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               3                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu4               5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu5               2                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu6               1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::cpu7               5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_hits::total             25                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu0               20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu1               17                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu2               18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu3               21                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu4               18                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu5               25                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu6               26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::cpu7               21                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_hits::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu0           33                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu1           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu2           30                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu3           27                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu4           34                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu5           37                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu6           35                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu7           41                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0                  53                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1                  47                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2                  48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3                  48                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu4                  52                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu5                  62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu6                  61                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu7                  62                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0                 53                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1                 47                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2                 48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3                 48                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu4                 52                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu5                 62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu6                 61                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu7                 62                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total               433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         4900                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total         4900                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0          1869                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1          1840                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2          1945                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu3          1833                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu4          1847                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu5          1898                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu6          1861                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu7          1846                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total        14939                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0           4880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1           4652                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2           4766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3           4697                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu4           4773                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu5           4676                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu6           4604                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu7           4605                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         37653                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0         2430                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1         2523                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2         2439                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3         2485                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu4         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu5         2473                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu6         2509                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu7         2435                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        19803                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0              7310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1              7175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2              7205                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3              7182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu4              7282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu5              7149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu6              7113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu7              7040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            57456                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0             7310                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1             7175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2             7205                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3             7182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu4             7282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu5             7149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu6             7113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu7             7040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           57456                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         9863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         9872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         9852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         9823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         9741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         9844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         9904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         9971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        78870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0         5413                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1         5469                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2         5498                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu3         5381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu4         5438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu5         5504                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu6         5505                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu7         5689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        43897                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0        15276                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1        15341                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2        15350                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu3        15204                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu4        15179                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu5        15348                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu6        15409                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu7        15660                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       122767                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0     42798637                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1     41900379                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2     44540803                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3     41317767                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4     42296498                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5     43188221                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6     42540949                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7     41448863                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    340032117                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    166179988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    156537743                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    159697945                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    156613177                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    160372266                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    157473921                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    154279145                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    154804178                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1265958363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    143336439                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    148034574                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    144250348                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    146721083                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    148442317                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    146274036                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    148395292                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    144143903                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1169597992                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    309516427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    304572317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    303948293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    303334260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    308814583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    303747957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    302674437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    298948081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2435556355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0    309516427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1    304572317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2    303948293                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3    303334260                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4    308814583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5    303747957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6    302674437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7    298948081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2435556355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    558924481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    559228006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    558782791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    556927201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    552042138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    557542912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    561245949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    564245669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4468939147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0    558924481                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1    559228006                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2    558782791                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3    556927201                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4    552042138                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5    557542912                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6    561245949                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7    564245669                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4468939147                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.817585                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.808081                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.829424                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.813582                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.810799                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.807660                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.815155                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.807524                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.813760                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.721680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.704528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.707857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.713504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.721106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.711287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.708417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.710648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0     0.205601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1     0.212267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2     0.205997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3     0.210540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4     0.213641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5     0.209541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6     0.214060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7     0.208084                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.209962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0       0.393413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1       0.388069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2       0.387929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3       0.390623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4       0.396558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5       0.389040                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6       0.390395                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7       0.387196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.390406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0      0.393413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1      0.388069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2      0.387929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3      0.390623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu4      0.396558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu5      0.389040                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu6      0.390395                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu7      0.387196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.390406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 22899.217228                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 22771.945109                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 22900.155784                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 22541.062193                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 22900.107201                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 22754.594837                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 22859.188071                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 22453.338570                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22761.370708                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 34053.276230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 33649.557825                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 33507.751783                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 33343.235469                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 33599.888121                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 33677.057528                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 33509.805604                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 33616.542454                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33621.713091                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 58986.188889                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 58674.028537                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 59143.234112                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 59042.689336                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 59163.936628                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 59148.417307                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 59145.194101                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 59196.674743                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59061.656921                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42341.508482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42449.103415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42185.745038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42235.346700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42407.935045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42488.174150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42552.289751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42464.216051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42389.939345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0 42341.508482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1 42449.103415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2 42185.745038                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3 42235.346700                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu4 42407.935045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu5 42488.174150                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu6 42552.289751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu7 42464.216051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42389.939345                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 56668.810808                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 56647.893639                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 56717.701076                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 56696.243612                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 56672.019095                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 56637.841528                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 56668.613590                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 56588.674055                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 56662.091378                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0 36588.405407                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1 36453.165113                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2 36402.787687                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu3 36630.307880                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu4 36368.808090                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu5 36326.746938                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu6 36423.255825                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu7 36031.013346                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 36401.794839                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        165129                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       149421                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               78866                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              98603                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              43891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             43890                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22725                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             5096                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            51962                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             56321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            11265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         19745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       432364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 432364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3561537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3561537                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            55548                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            277065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  277065    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              277065                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           406206026                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              77.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          356644000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization             68.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       666785                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       283960                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       335937                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          86136                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        43107                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops        43029                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED    521659000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              78870                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            370375                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadRespWithInvalidate            2                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             43897                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            43890                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        99750                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          167866                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           28850                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28850                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           162383                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          162380                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       291522                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       134001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133426                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       133439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               1069464                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1829226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1815722                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1817716                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1809443                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu4.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1812235                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu5.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1808884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu6.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1798064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu7.l1c.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1779371                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total               14470661                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          409171                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                  21085504                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples           706797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.196447                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.990756                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                 181481     25.68%     25.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 294628     41.68%     67.36% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                 158602     22.44%     89.80% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  56776      8.03%     97.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  13243      1.87%     99.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::5                   1898      0.27%     99.98% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::6                    160      0.02%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::7                      9      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::8                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              7                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total             706797                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          500161714                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization             95.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         102256739                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy         102545160                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization            19.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         102125332                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         102285646                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.occupancy         102013056                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer4.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.occupancy         102427641                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer5.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.occupancy         102433420                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer6.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.occupancy         101994041                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer7.utilization            19.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
