
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.962627                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1962626573500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1962626573500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 944250                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   944250                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            30421290331                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 338248                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    64.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60918166                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60918166                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           831680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24730496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            27968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           420288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26011392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       831680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        27968                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          859648                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7700672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7700672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12995                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            386414                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              6567                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                406428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              423759                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12600714                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               14250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              214146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               489                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13253358                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         423759                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          14250                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             438009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3923656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3923656                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3923656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             423759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12600714                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              14250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             214146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17177014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        406428                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120323                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      406428                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     120323                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26003904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7488                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7699456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26011392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7700672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs              0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               24963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25960                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                8093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7861                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                6801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               7389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               8081                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               8482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          19                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1962619726500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  406428                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 120323                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    406236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        62                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     3074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5838                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5952                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6742                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     7801                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8946                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7245                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     7909                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     8569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     7650                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     6978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     5737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5675                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      196                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                      161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      108                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        65759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      512.528475                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     309.841182                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     413.690018                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          15231     23.16%     23.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12147     18.47%     41.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5552      8.44%     50.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3316      5.04%     55.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2308      3.51%     58.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1955      2.97%     61.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1491      2.27%     63.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1296      1.97%     65.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        22463     34.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          65759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        75.747390                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2879.661653                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5361     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5364                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.428039                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.999012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       22.364771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4746     88.48%     88.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              15      0.28%     88.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              16      0.30%     89.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31              23      0.43%     89.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35             212      3.95%     93.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              26      0.48%     93.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              13      0.24%     94.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               6      0.11%     94.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               2      0.04%     94.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55               8      0.15%     94.46% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               3      0.06%     94.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               8      0.15%     94.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67              13      0.24%     94.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               1      0.02%     94.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               2      0.04%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79               2      0.04%     95.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83              18      0.34%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87               4      0.07%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91              23      0.43%     95.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               3      0.06%     95.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99             170      3.17%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             3      0.06%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             1      0.02%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.02%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             4      0.07%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.02%     99.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::136-139             1      0.02%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::140-143             1      0.02%     99.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             2      0.04%     99.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             1      0.02%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::172-175             8      0.15%     99.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183             3      0.06%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::184-187             1      0.02%     99.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             4      0.07%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::192-195             2      0.04%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::196-199             2      0.04%     99.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::204-207             1      0.02%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::212-215             1      0.02%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::224-227            12      0.22%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::244-247             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2137214000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                9755545250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2031555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        5260.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  24010.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        25.34                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     364061                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     96795                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  80.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3725896.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  244346760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  133324125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1578805800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                377861760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           128189159280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            66163184910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1119537594750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1316224277385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              670.644542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1862206979750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     65536380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     34882447750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  252791280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  137931750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1590420000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                401708160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           128189159280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            66247264755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1119463832250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1316283107475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              670.674522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1862086480750                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     65536380000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     35002933000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7493005                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7443                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490673                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5064687                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      813                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187452                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12557692                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8256                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678125                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3501057                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3504928                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions              13585                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         6793                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    272297667.010158                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   432721655.998866                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         6793    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       104000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   2000000000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           6793                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   112908521500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1849718052000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3923838819                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6793                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    164897                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   56819     40.19%     40.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     40.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1973      1.40%     41.68% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    423      0.30%     41.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  82035     58.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              141381                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    56285     49.08%     49.08% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.11%     49.20% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1973      1.72%     50.92% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     423      0.37%     51.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   55862     48.71%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               114674                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1900334186500     96.86%     96.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               93688500      0.00%     96.87% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              789357000      0.04%     96.91% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              314729500      0.02%     96.92% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            60387418000      3.08%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1961919379500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.990602                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.680953                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.811099                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  504      0.34%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.34% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3063      2.05%      2.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.42% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               134520     89.85%     92.28% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6699      4.47%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4333      2.89%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.25%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                149713                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6886                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1283                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1283                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1283                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.186320                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.314114                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1958165685500     99.82%     99.82% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3548030000      0.18%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3064                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47738229                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47738229                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             44272305                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                210363                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1201649                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5610320                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    44272305                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       210363                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60851829                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          32993694                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              102169                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             104020                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12597866                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7520141                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5077725                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3698103141.291685                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              225735677.708315                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.057529                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.942471                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          7202811                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2726604      5.71%      5.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 31424940     65.82%     71.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   52727      0.11%     71.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  25705      0.05%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1656      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7695505     16.12%     87.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5083820     10.65%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                735872      1.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  47746829                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1179926                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.222517                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11367443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1180345                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.630611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        114940500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.222517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          394                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         51462845                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        51462845                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6409921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6409921                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4656712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4656712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       143926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       143926                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       147979                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       147979                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     11066633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        11066633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     11066633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       11066633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       937871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       937871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       251485                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       251485                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13660                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13660                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5430                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5430                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1189356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1189356                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1189356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1189356                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29160615500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  29160615500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10889573000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10889573000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    150754500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    150754500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     30482000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     30482000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40050188500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  40050188500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  40050188500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  40050188500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7347792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7347792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4908197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4908197                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       157586                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       157586                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       153409                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       153409                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12255989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12255989                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12255989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12255989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.127640                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051238                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086683                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.086683                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035396                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.035396                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 31092.352253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31092.352253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 43301.083564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43301.083564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11036.200586                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11036.200586                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  5613.627993                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5613.627993                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33673.844080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33673.844080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33673.844080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33673.844080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       679177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           679177                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       937871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       937871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       251485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       251485                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13660                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13660                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5430                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5430                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1189356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1189356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1189356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1189356                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28222744500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28222744500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10638088000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10638088000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    137094500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    137094500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     25052000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     25052000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38860832500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38860832500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  38860832500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38860832500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1578478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1578478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1578478000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1578478000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.127640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.127640                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.086683                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.086683                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035396                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035396                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30092.352253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30092.352253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42301.083564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42301.083564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10036.200586                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10036.200586                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  4613.627993                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4613.627993                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32673.844080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32673.844080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32673.844080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32673.844080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 222008.157525                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 222008.157525                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 87952.192567                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 87952.192567                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           698827                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          508.151884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           47047389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           699339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.274082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      42438027500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   508.151884                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.992484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.992484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          349                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          163                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48446269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48446269                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     47047389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       47047389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     47047389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        47047389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     47047389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       47047389                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       699440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       699440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       699440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        699440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       699440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       699440                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10201863500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10201863500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10201863500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10201863500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10201863500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10201863500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47746829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47746829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47746829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47746829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47746829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47746829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14585.759322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14585.759322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14585.759322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14585.759322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14585.759322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14585.759322                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       698827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           698827                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       699440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       699440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       699440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       699440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       699440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       699440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9502423500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9502423500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9502423500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9502423500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9502423500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9502423500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13585.759322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13585.759322                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13585.759322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13585.759322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 13585.759322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13585.759322                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2422670                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2992                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239363                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1760134                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      341                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105247                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4182804                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3333                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344610                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1965215                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1966431                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions               5486                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples         2743                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    706502118.118848                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   410575500.110236                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10         2743    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value        98500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    974673500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           2743                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    24691263500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 1937935310000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3925253147                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2743                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     78622                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   26563     38.35%     38.35% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1967      2.84%     41.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    504      0.73%     41.91% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  40238     58.09%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               69272                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    25720     48.16%     48.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1967      3.68%     51.84% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     504      0.94%     52.79% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   25216     47.21%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                53407                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1909399868000     97.29%     97.29% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              730527500      0.04%     97.33% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              354535500      0.02%     97.34% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            52140917500      2.66%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1962625848500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.968264                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.626671                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.770975                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  423      0.59%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2001      2.80%      3.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                63023     88.06%     91.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2145      3.00%     94.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     94.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3777      5.28%     99.75% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.19%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 71571                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2066                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                464                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2880                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                892                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  464                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  428                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.431752                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.148611                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.329760                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       17773252500      0.91%      0.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1704242000      0.09%      0.99% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1943148352000     99.01%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2002                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13179937                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13179937                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12156604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                173446                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     411985                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1307841                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12156604                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       173446                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           16739384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           8921370                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               90735                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              92616                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4206400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2436997                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1769403                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3875870619.998025                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              49382527.001975                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.012581                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.987419                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1874664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               705658      5.35%      5.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  7796168     59.14%     64.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   21633      0.16%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  14181      0.11%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1986      0.02%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2508903     19.03%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1770394     13.43%     97.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                364376      2.76%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  13183299                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           166569                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          484.920851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4014072                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           167081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            24.024707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      79208580000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   484.920851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.947111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.947111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         16965673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        16965673                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2258295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2258295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1642687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1642687                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        48217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        48217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        50804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        50804                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      3900982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         3900982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      3900982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        3900982                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       118473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       118473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        62672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        62672                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         8931                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         8931                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         5870                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5870                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       181145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        181145                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       181145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       181145                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1450679500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1450679500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1216299000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1216299000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     81854000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     81854000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     32847500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     32847500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2666978500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2666978500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2666978500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2666978500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2376768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2376768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1705359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1705359                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        57148                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        57148                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        56674                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4082127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4082127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4082127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4082127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.049846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036750                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.156278                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.156278                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103575                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.103575                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12244.811054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12244.811054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19407.374904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19407.374904                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9165.155078                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9165.155078                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  5595.826235                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5595.826235                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14722.893262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 14722.893262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14722.893262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 14722.893262                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       114559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           114559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       118473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       118473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        62672                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8931                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         8931                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         5870                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5870                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       181145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       181145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       181145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       181145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1332206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1332206500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1153627000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1153627000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     72923000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72923000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     26977500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26977500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2485833500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2485833500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2485833500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2485833500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     20174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     20174000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     20174000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     20174000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036750                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036750                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.156278                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156278                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103575                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103575                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11244.811054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11244.811054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18407.374904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18407.374904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8165.155078                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8165.155078                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  4595.826235                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4595.826235                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13722.893262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13722.893262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13722.893262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13722.893262                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 226674.157303                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 226674.157303                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  6094.864048                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  6094.864048                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           316020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          445.922081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           12866727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           316532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.649056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1960698705500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   445.922081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.870942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.870942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          444                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         13499873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        13499873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     12866727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       12866727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     12866727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        12866727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     12866727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       12866727                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       316573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       316573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       316573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        316573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       316573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       316573                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4250508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4250508000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4250508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4250508000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4250508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4250508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     13183300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13183300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     13183300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     13183300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     13183300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     13183300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13426.628297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13426.628297                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13426.628297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13426.628297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13426.628297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13426.628297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       316020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           316020                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       316573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       316573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       316573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       316573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       316573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       316573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3933935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3933935000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3933935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3933935000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   3933935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3933935000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12426.628297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12426.628297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12426.628297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12426.628297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12426.628297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12426.628297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7375                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7375                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55610                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55610                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        13904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1014                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83456                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  125970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        55616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2749                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        81882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2743514                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             14952500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               763000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15838000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2459000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6057500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               82500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           216134056                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28456000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41952000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41696                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.568010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41712                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1756490226000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.568010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.035501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375552                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              176                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total             41728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total            41728                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     22088883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22088883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4858687173                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   4858687173                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4880776056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total   4880776056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   4880776056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total   4880776056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total           41728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total          41728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125505.017045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125505.017045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116930.284294                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116930.284294                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116966.450729                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116966.450729                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 116966.450729                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116966.450729                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            16                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            8                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total        41728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13288883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13288883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2778678942                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2778678942                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2791967825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791967825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   2791967825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2791967825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75505.017045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75505.017045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66872.327253                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66872.327253                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66908.738137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66908.738137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 66908.738137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66908.738137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   341251                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65397.203087                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3991452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   406774                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.812456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle               7305719000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     281.092347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4857.550126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data    59344.826381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      110.880269                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data      802.853964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.004289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.074120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.905530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.001692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.012251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.997882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65523                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          485                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          770                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        57986                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.999802                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 35595123                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                35595123                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       793736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          793736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       747944                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          747944                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            3115                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            2258                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                5373                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data           912                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data           927                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total              1839                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           126843                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            47590                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               174433                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        686424                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        316124                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1002548                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       663180                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       109254                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           772434                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              686424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              790023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              316124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              156844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1949415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             686424                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             790023                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             316124                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             156844                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1949415                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data             5                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data             1                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         115133                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           6337                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             121470                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        12995                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          448                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           13443                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       271663                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          234                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         271897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12995                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            386796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              6571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                406810                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12995                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           386796                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              448                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             6571                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               406810                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data       300000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data        29500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total       329500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8880064000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    523419000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   9403483000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1061507000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     36851500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1098358500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19897250500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     18659000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  19915909500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1061507000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28777314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     36851500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data    542078000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     30417751000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1061507000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  28777314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     36851500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data    542078000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    30417751000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       793736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       793736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       747944                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       747944                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3120                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2259                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5379                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          912                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          927                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1839                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       241976                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        53927                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295903                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       699419                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       316572                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1015991                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       934843                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       109488                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1044331                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          699419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1176819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          316572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          163415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2356225                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         699419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1176819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         316572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         163415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2356225                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001603                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000443                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.001115                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475803                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.410506                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018580                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001415                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013231                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290597                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002137                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.260355                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018580                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.328679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.001415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.040211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.172653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018580                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.328679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.001415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.040211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.172653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data        60000                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data        29500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54916.666667                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 77128.746754                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82597.285782                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77414.036388                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81685.802232                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82257.812500                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81704.864985                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 73242.401431                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 79739.316239                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73247.992806                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81685.802232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74399.203973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82257.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82495.510577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74771.394508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 81685.802232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 74399.203973                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 82257.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 82495.510577                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74771.394508                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               78803                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    78803                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data            5                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       115133                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6337                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        121470                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12995                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          437                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13432                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271663                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          234                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           406799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12995                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          406799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14058                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17947                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3310                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        21257                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data       250000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       269500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7728734000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    460049000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8188783000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    931557000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31665500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    963222500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17180620500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     16319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17196939500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    931557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24909354500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31665500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    476368000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26348945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    931557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  24909354500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     31665500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    476368000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26348945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1489570000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     19061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1508631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1489570000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     19061000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1508631000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.001603                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000443                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001115                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.475803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.117511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.410506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013221                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.290597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002137                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040211                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.172649                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.328679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.001380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040211                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172649                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data        50000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data        19500                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44916.666667                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67128.746754                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72597.285782                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67414.036388                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71685.802232                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72461.098398                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71711.025908                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 63242.401431                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69739.316239                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63247.992806                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71685.802232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64399.203973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72461.098398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72495.510577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.410451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 71685.802232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 64399.203973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 72461.098398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 72495.510577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.410451                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 209503.516174                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 214168.539326                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 209561.189054                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 82998.272692                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  5758.610272                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 70971.021311                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        851905                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       404237                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          411                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7199                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292704                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14058                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       120323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261806                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            11056                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq           9461                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               3                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            122183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           121347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285505                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1174875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1217389                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port        83439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        83439                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1300828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        81882                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31053824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31135706                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33793946                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            21651                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                      27136                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            491014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.001340                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.036583                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  490356     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                     658      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              491014                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40347000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1314918038                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2173304250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             904117                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.badaddr_responder.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4781747                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2390985                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       355114                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            992                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          932                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           60                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7199                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2102308                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14058                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14058                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       872539                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean      1014847                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          815207                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           16306                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         11300                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          27606                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           297851                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          297851                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1016013                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1079098                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq          229                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2097686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3605272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       949165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       535742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               7187865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     89487744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    118850496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     40485888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     17815770                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              266639898                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          398766                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic                   7394432                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2783305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.138476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.345638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                2398113     86.16%     86.16% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 384964     13.83%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    227      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            2783305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4217117493                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           299383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1049361097                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1811830165                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         476124465                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         281628843                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.backdoor.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.cchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.pchip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped
system.tsunami.fake_OROM.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ata1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_addr.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_read7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_pnp_write.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_ppc.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.fb.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.io.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tsunami.uart.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 1962626573500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
